Got this phone about five days now,did not want to make a review until i played with it a bit. I must say, if i loved this phone anymore i would have to leave my wife and marry it...well joking there a bit, lol, buy i do love it. Only reason i gave it four stars is some minor things, like the flimsy looking charger cable, looks real tiny as if it will soon break and the white headset for a black phone. My last phone was the bb 9860, got this instead as i wanted a dual sim with android and led flash and been able to work as a remote for my smart tv, so far i love it and would buy another if anything happened to it. It does take a little time to get used to and if you are impatient you may not like it at first as it has so many features and different ways of doing things. Great phone. Ok, have this phone for little over two weeks and not liking it that much again for the following reasons(good thing i did not leave my wife LOL), (1) It is not the kind of dual sim i am used to, it is dual sim STANDBY and not dual sim ACTIVE as was with the lg ks660 that i used previously. The difference is that with st/by both sims are on st/by waiting for a call, once a call is active the other sim is inactive (well not entirely), will explain. With dual sim active both sims are always active and works as if two phones are in one. This is really what i wanted. Now to explain the above, this phone tries to remedy the situation by using call forwarding (a paid service on my network)so it has an option for dual sim always on, this option attempts to enable call forwarding for both sims and if it fails (as in my case) then even if i would pay for forwarding,i can not have both sims active at once. In my case forwarding fails because both sims have group calling service on them. Most dissapointed as this is one of the primary reasons for buying this phone. (2) Phone can be a bit slow, but i am used to the ks660 LOL. (3) If i looked up a contact there is no way to use the secondary sim to call from the contact list so i have to use dial pad where the option is, this is so not good. I would give the phone a two star for the above but the other features are great (well it's android) hence the new rating of three stars. So here i go again, off to sell this phone for what i can get and once again start a lengthy search for the dual sim ACTIVE android that i need. Soooo not a happy camper.I bought the phone as new but I sent it to Venezuela where it did not work because the phone was defective. As the phone does not have warranty bring it to a technician who informed me that the phone is remanufactured. I really feel cheated.I got really excited when I get this phone, it looked cool and sleek... BUT, guess what, it was locked and the default language on this phone was some type of Polish, Russian or some weird East European Language. This made me believe that this phone was stolen by a clerk working for a Russian T-Mobile service provider or some East European National Wireless provider... anyway, I figured out to switch it back to English, to my dismay, the phone is LOCKED and can NOT work on US service providers. ... so I called my provider (T-Mobile) hoping to get help... after 30 minutes of being on-hold, the T-Mobile folks did not recognize the iemei number on the phone (it's Russian); and could not help me. They suggested that I call Samsung. 45 minutes of wait, someone sends me to an online web site where they have instructions to download a bunch of software. I follow the instruction, I plug the phone onto a USB connector, then download various files, pay $19.95 to European SIM unlocking services, then another $14.95 to make it work on US providers, then I paid $4.95 to make sure that the phone is NOT black-listed... I still can't make it work. I wasted about 8 hours on this piece of junk. I am returning it... don't make the same mistake if you are a busy person and value your time. I am highly disappointed.I could not disagree more with the previous reviewer. It sounds more to me like he sucks at the skill that typing on a phone requires, probably not patient enough or has pretty big fingers. It has been a joy for me to use for the last month of having it. I am coming from a Black berry and this has been vastly superior. The touch screen is not only very responsive but you have the built in option of just sliding your fingers from one letter to the other to type which makes if much more effortless than the typical input method and i didn't have to download an app to do taht. Its feature rich and beautiful to hold and look at. Matter of fact just about every one who has seen me with it and played around with it wants one. If you are looking for a dual sim, go no further but even if you are just looking for a single sim its def worth the buy. There is one serious down side but I would still have bought it when I think of all the others pluses - the HSPDA is only a mere 7mbps. Way way too small for a phone of this price and design. The other downers like battery capacity is pretty typical for these smartphones so I won't discredit this model for it but it's really drains too fast no matter how I try to save power. Overall a def 4 stars for me.thank you very much i love this product i recommended a 100% to everyone need a dual sim mobile ( work very well in venezuela)battery lasts roughly 35-40hrs with over 10hrs of talk time, great camera, sensitive touch screen, might need just a tad bit more processing powerThe Samsung GT-S7562L Galaxy S Duos-BK is very good, it has nothing to envy to any other Android Smartphone ... Serves completely for any operator, is unlocked, as stated in the description ... buy it for my father and conforms to the product ... thank you very much... sorry for my englishThe TouchWiz UI is, as usual, a slow and convoluted mess. Stock Android, while not as smooth an experience as iOS, is light years ahead of TouchWiz. What Samsung does to Google's baby could arguably be called abuse. And because Samsung will not allow stock Android on its devices, users are stuck waiting for them to implement TouchWiz on new versions of Android. Unfortunately, this means that the S Duos is stuck now and possibly forever, on Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.4. Nevermind that KitKat 4.4 could run on the S Duos; because Samsung hasn't said yes, it won't happen. Is this what an open computing platform is supposed to be? It is possible, however, to install CM 10.1 on this handset. The downside to that is you lose dual-SIM functionality, this handset's distinguishing feature. Dual SIM support is not native to Android and its implementation is up to the manufacturer and Samsung (and LG, Sony, etc) aren't giving up their secrets. The hardware side of the S Duos isn't any better. The TFT screen is nicely saturated, but even at 50% brightness, blacks are washed out and gray. The TFT panel doesn't have very good viewing angles, either. The digitizer is, in my experience, extremely finicky: swipes register as taps and apps are launched without warning because the air somehow managed to trigger a tap. I could be holding the S Duos in hand with no fingers or palm within a centimeter of the screen and an app could launch. Touch input also suffers because this handset is extremely prone to lag. The single-core, 1GHz Cortex A5 CPU and Andreno 205 GPU do not perform well at all. If you expect to use only stock Samsung (not Google!) apps on this handset, you might be fine and experience little lag. Otherwise, prepare to have even the keyboard app stutter due to lag. Build quality is likewise shoddy. The phone is all plastic. That is to be expected at this segment, but where LG and Sony have similar handsets that feel like premium devices, the S Duos feels cheap. It also looks cheap. After about a month of use, the paint on the gray plastic that makes up the side of the device is white in spots. The USB port is likewise spotted. That's right, Samsung couldn't even be bothered to use colored plastic, instead opting to paint white plastic. The battery is a 1500mAh unit. If you are a heavy user of things like the stock SMS app, expect to run down the battery at around the 8-hour mark. Nevermind streaming movies over 3G or taking pictures all day. Really, don't bother taking pictures because the 2GB of onboard storage means that after the OS and Samsung's bloatware, users really only have access to less than half that amount. Even after all that complaining, I can find one other terrible thing about the S Duos: it powers down randomly. Whether in my pocket, in my hand, or on a table, sometimes the S Duos will just power down completely. It turns itself off, even when in the middle of audio playback. As soon as I am able, I will replace this piece of garbage phone. I have my eye on an LG Optimus L7 II Dual, Sony Xperia M dual, or Sony Xperia C. Needing dual-SIM support means I am effectively stuck in the midrange of Android devices, and that's fine with me. I just wish I hadn't wasted nearly $200 on this terrible phone and Samsung has definitely lost a customer in me.the reason i choose this rating it's because i order two phones samsung duos both white color and not only one of the phones came in a different color; the other phone came with the menu button loose or damaged, needless to say why i choose this rate and then i called the seller to let them know about it, they told me that i should send the phone back first and then they would refund my money, so i definitely would NOT recommend this seller under any circumstances.Regrettably, it's a cheaply made and engineered phone. No class, no taste, just cheap feel. Besides, Samsung USA does not provide support for this product. Really! Just sent it back! I tried to synch my Outlook Contacts from Microsoft Office 2011 for the Mac, and cannot figure whether this is feasible. Pure waste of time and energy, and first and last Samsung phone purchase for me. Will stick to my Blackberry Torch and iPhone 4S.I find it to be very slow. It is causing me to miss calls and special on the spur photo moments. The battery life is very poor. I had to replace my battery in less that a month.Processor with slow performance The phone hangs and hangs applications The WIFI is slow with this phone The phone does not work in HSDPA mode, only 2G (EDGE).I received the phone in apparently good conditions, but after 2 hours of being used, no calls, no internet, only looking at the functions, it got blacked-screen. I thought that happened because it needed to be charged, so I left it charging but nothing happeded. It turns on, but you can't see nothing but a slight green-yellow line. I talked to a Samsung technician and he told me it was the screen, and for a &#34;new&#34; phone, it's weird that the screen gets wrong so easy without a crash or a fall, so he thinks this cell phone is refurbished. I would like to know what the seller has to say about this, cause I supposedly bought a new product. If I get it repaired, the screen will be more expensive than the phone, cause here in Venezuela we have an exchange control. I bought the phone for $204, and the screen price here in Venezuela is about $270.Terrible device. Extremely slow and it fails everytime. Since it is a Samsung and Android 4, you expect a good phone. But it is not even reliable. Worst phone i have ever had. Don't buy it! I know it is dual sim and if you need, better buy cheaper from China P.S. Did i mention it is the wose phone i ever had? Well, in fact is worse than the worst.I purchased this phone unlocked so I can use it where I live in Central America. A few days of having it and using it, I noticed that the reaction was very slow, but didn't take it too seriously. It turns out that after a month, it really is a very slow reacting phone and I want to understand why. To open an app, it takes about 15-20 seconds for anything to react. I thought the phone would offer good value for the price, etc...it turns out that you really do get what you pay for. Worst of all, I contact Samsung Tech Support (which is what Amazon suggested) and they traced my IMEI number and the model. It turns out it was manufactured in Pakistan which means I have to call Pakistan to get any sort of technical support, which is a huge deal if you're living in Central America. It's frustrating to find a phone, trust a retailer, and find out a the end that the phone isn't even working right and worst off, you can't even find a solution to the phone's problems. LESSON: FIND OUT WHO THE MANUFACTURER IS before making a purchase that could require some sort of technical support. The Seller also noted that the phone used a micro SIM card, it does not, it uses a regular sim. I already had a micro sim which is why I targetted a micro sim card phone. This review is also on the Seller in that they didn't disclose the info correctly or doesn't know their products enough to know that even if it was a manufacturer error -they weren't aware of it. Sellers should know what they are distributing, no? I guess in a perfect world, yes.I bought this phone not once but 2 times and still was a piece of junk. First time I ordered it the mouth piece was broke you could see it moving around. The they sent me another one and the screen was coming off. Never had such a problem with Samsung before. Very dissappointed.version is the 7562L, works well in Venezuela, MOVILNET, MOVISTAR and should work well for digitel. updated version of the software, connect it to the PC right from the start without problems. personally I'm using to MOVILNET, the connection is slow, for MOVISTAR is faster. Sometimes the phone is slow when turning or especially when communicating with BBM or facebook messeger. Anyway, the phone is good, unlocked, and cheap compared to the mini S3. I hope you have served my opinion on this deviceThe phone is very very slow. I dont like, the performance is like 90s phone. Double chip work ok. ByeThe phone didn't work for text messages and would not accept my carrier. I had to return it. Not worth the timeI really like this phone, the reason I don't give 5 stars is because I haven't figure it out how to conect my samsung note tablet with the data on the phone. I downloaded an app from google play to my tablet and the phone but for some reason I can't make it work.I purchased this phone for international travel. I wanted a phone with a second SIM card slot so I wouldn't have to remove my primary SIM card and store it while abroad. The problem? The processor is so slow I can't stand the delays. I have laid the phone aside (a total waste of money since I paid full price for an unlocked phone) and went back to my old phone. I'll have to decide whether I want to spend the money on another unlocked phone before I travel internationally again.Purchased this phone for my wife for around $180.00. It was not worth the money!! Terrible phone. Extremely Slow!!!! Locks up easily.LOVE MY NEW PHONE! I'm a &#34;soccer mom&#34; so I needed a phone that helped me get to places (alarm/calendar/planner) and I also wanted an FM radio and it has it!!! sorry but sometimes you just need to do some things the old fashioned wayIt is not as good as iphone, but it is ok. Dual sim feature was the reason of my selection of this phone as a second phone, as I have to keep 3 phone numbers available. Touch screen is quite poor, reaction time is slow. Anyway, it saves me from carrying an additional phone. Otherwise I would not suggest.I love this is dual SIM. It makes life so much simpler. It has everything you could want on a phone. The screen image is sharp. The apps run fast. The camera takes great pictures. And it's unlocked.After six months of use my smart phone does not turn on for no reason, I want to change it.I read reviews by other users and thought it was good. I ordered it as a gift. And phone was shipped quickly, but the phone was defective out of the box. I contacted seller and was told a technician would call me back for resetting and trouble shooting. I never got the call back. I returned the phone and my money was promptly refunded.3G not grab the phone is slow, poor coverage, get stuck there that reset many times, does not meet the minimum requirements compared to Samsun Galaxy S3 minicakificacion chose this on the grounds that the product is of excellent quality and is fully satisfied with it so would recommend to everyoneVery good phone and works perfect in Venezuela, nice design and quality of materials. The earphones sound very well. I highly recommend.This had a lot of damage not to meant it had a broken screen and they wont let me return this website is bogussss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BOYCOTTT BOYCOTT BOYCOTTvery slow and did not like it everything about this phone. Overall, this phone is the worst phone I have ever bought from Amazon.com. I hoping I will get my phone back! Thanks! Amazon customerI love the phone came without any inconvenience. It was just what I wanted. 3g works with Movistar, very fast connection to the internet.The cellphone samsung galaxy s duos s7562 I bought a week ago only has 1.6 GB internal storage, and it's not as described 4 GB internal storage. How to return this cellphone?Sent it to Peru and works fine, my brother was going to give it to somebody but kept it for himself, He can use it with two phone companies. He gave up his Motorola Photon for this one.I ordered this item first and after a week the sound did not work. I returned it and ordered another one, it is EXTREMELY slow. I thought it was because of the actual service, but I put a different sim card in and it was still very slow. I am moving oversees in a couple weeks and wanted a dual sim smartphone but I may have to purchase a new phone when I get there, my patience is very low.This phone is NOT made to work in the U.S. The dual sim will NOT work on any of the network providers here such as AT&T, T-Mobile ETC. I purchased it thinking that because it was a samsung it would work, but it didn't and I had to end up buying a phone from my phone company. It is definitely not recommended if you are in the U.S, you will be wasting your time and end up getting another phone and having to wait a little while to get your money back!the phone never works the home key was broken i dont know what happens? First time I think was not prove it beforeThis phone is for the Chinese market and it will come with a bunch of Chinese apps, keyboard, characters, messages, dialogs, etc. And it is NOT possible to easily get rid of it in the settings. I even tried to reset the phone to start fresh and configure everything in English but no luck. It looks like the Chinese config is in the firmware or something. Anyways, after half hour of pure frustration I am just returning this problem and getting something for the American market on best buy. And I will be sure to ask them if there is any Chinese characters in there.This Dual Sim phone works perfect in Jamaica and as I keep getting asked, will work well anywhere in the world that supports the networks as advertised with the phone. So if you're in doubt just check with your service provider but Samsung wants to sell the phone so they are not going to produce a phone that can't work in Europe or Africa or south America etc. You get what I am saying? OK. So if a dual sim is what you want then I recommend this one. It works good touch screen is sensitive nice looking design and has all smart phone capabilities.the only problem i have is that it freezes alot, but everything else works great especially my bbm messenger that's the reason i got it in the first place.This phone has all the features we needed. There sre times when it is necessary to reboot it because it doesn't connect to the cellphone network for calls incoming or outgoing. I may have solved that problem adjusting settings, odd that there would be a setting that causes loss of access to cellular. But otherwise it seems like a good phone allows 2sims so family overseas can text us without extra charges.The phone is great according to my wife who is using it. Moreover she is in Africa and we communicate properly but most importantly she is happy with it.This phone is slow as molasses. I could never rely on it at all. It was too expensive and it does not work at all. STAY AWAY IF YOU WANT TO KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YOUR LOVED ONES!!!What a disaster! this cell is a rubbish. it is really a mess, because we can get what we want (to call) at the begginig we seem like everything is ok but their components don't work, the battery is always warm and each second warmer than tha last one, and when it has passed 5 minutes the phone shut down. how is it possible? you're really selling a defeat phone and now you dont want to get the money, you are stilling my money. i don't want to talk bad about the samsung device, but i am talking about the bad device that i received from your company( it is a mess) what a disasterMy phone does not work I am very annoyed with the seller of the cell that was sold by Warehouse Deals, Inc, this does not work with any cellular telephone operator here in Venezuela .. I feel cheated and I return not make a purchase Warehouse Deals, Inc. .. I want to return that phone and give me a if cell serves as that here in Venezuela .. That team is not the original and is for use in ChineseVery nice and beautiful cel phone, good quality, good appearance, and great feature for sport and social events, works fine. I recommend the purchase.the worse cell phone ever !!! &#8230; really slow for everything and a few days after y bought it, with a little hit, the screen totally broke and stopped working .. NOT RECOMENDED !!!I bought this and found out that it doesn't work with Verizon. So if you are thinking about getting this one and have Verizon I STRONGLY advise you TO NOT get it.I really like this phone meets my expectations only thing I do not like is that the battery does not last long. otherwise it is perfect. good and excellent buy.This phone is a very good. I am from Nicaragua and here work perfectly. With two companies telecom The 3G is slow, but solve with wifi. Thanksvery fragile - glass broke with one week. Somewhat slow in response time due to low RAM. Its just Okay.Works great, lots of features, easy to use and easy to read. Got it for my son and he loves it. Getting one for myself.Just a phone... Would be more extensive the descriptions. If you wanna buy it, look very well, visit another websites that have more technical information, and decide if meets yours expectations. An slow phone and you can't demand many things at once.It's okay, but the charger not working and I had to get another. The cell phone should have warranty .I have just received the phone only to find that the phone and the booklet is in an unknown language... I am going to assume it is Vietnamese since the booklet was printed in Vietnam. I figured out how to change the language and will review again when i have used the phone.The phone is good, with all I need, but the processor is too slow for a phone like this. On the other hand, this is the best dual sim I have seen so far.The phone works fine with dual chips, but it is very slow to open the apps (even though I still haven't downloaded many apps) or any other function.the cell meets my expectations, very complete team flames receipt of the two operators in my country without any problems, the connection to the wireless network is super fast and very good cameraI don't know why, but it works slow... Delays screens. I don't use many applications though. When I use internet (WiFi or GMS) it slows down even more...I would not recommend this phone to no one I love the features of the phone but it keeps jumping from one apps to another without me doing anything when I click go back it would go back over every thing I was doing before it is a crazy phone I wish I could have returnO celular &eacute; excelente. Melhor do que eu poderia esperar. E a empresa que o vendeu entregou o celular antes da data marcada. Outra excelente surpresa. Recomendo o celular e a loja que o vendeu.Sorry to give such a bad review. Here the reasons: I bought this phone to use it as a Wifi hotspot when traveling. BUT, 3G does not work in all countries. Well you could say that is my fault, and yes you are right. But it seems that one has to be a communications expert and know all the bands for 3G by heart. I feel that I wasted my money and I also find it incredible that a modern phone in a globalized world does not come with all bands for all countries... The second thing is the speed. It seems to me that this phone was not designed for the latest Android version and that is the reason why it is very very slowalthough the phone looks new .it gave alot of problem. first it was the screen not swiping as it should then whenever you turn the phone on there was an error message on the screen. come to find out the software wasn't good in the phone. i sell phones to customer and it makes my bussiness looks bad whenever a customer has to bring back a phone . thats wyy it pisses me off whenever i trust a seller to buy an item and its doesnt work..hello the phone I get Unlocked banded so I had to unlock it, I had understood that it could be used in any country seamlessly at least in Venezuela failedI purchased this phone as a gift. In 3 months, it stopped working completely. A real lemon!!!! Waste of money!!!I'm not sure if this is about memory or CPU, but this phone is a very bad experience on Android. Several times at day I had lost calls because the operating couldn't presents the incoming call screen. Navigating using native browser or Chrome is a pain. It takes a 30 seconds or more to reflects search results. Waze freeeze the equipment to any use.... even receive a call.Product looks like ok, still testing it, the problem is that I received an open box and someone changed the original charger by a generic usb adapter, no brand, no descriptions/labels, now I don't know if I can use it in a 220V outlet!! Not fair with your customers!!Exelente producto (caracas - venezuela) llego a tiempo y en buenas condiciones liberado todos los accesorios buena tienda y buen servicio de envio graciasit was a night mare..the phone did ot work the very time i took it off the box..it could not read my sim card..and to make matters worse the manual was not in english...amazon should be weary of companies like thisproduct was as decribed ......Iam happy with that .Arrived very fast .Completely satisfied. My daughter is using it so I cant comment on technical aspects of phoneI was very excited to get this phone, as I had been dealing with the heartbreak of a Windows 8 phone for many months. I checked the specs, decided it was sufficient for what I wanted, and received relatively quick shipping. Since then, it has been nothing but disappointment. I should have paid more attention to the fact that the majority of posted reviews were out of India, and I had never even heard of this model. It doesn't seem to be used in the US much at all. The phone is slow and buggy, takes several seconds for the screen to turn on or off, and it beeps every 3 minutes while charging (I've timed it). It takes several seconds before processing anything, from sending a text message to opening Facebook. As Louis CK said, yes, we should be astonished and amazed at the fact that we can speak to somebody across the country and access data from around the world (so how dare I complain that it takes a few seconds), but when spending a good chunk of money, these issues are mostly non existent in comparable products. Therefore, I regret the purchase and would not recommend it to anybody that I know, or to the strangers here on Amazon. Thought it was a great deal and outsmarted myself. But technically it is an Android and it makes phone calls and runs the apps (despite the slowness), so 2 stars instead of 1. Sincerely, Bukkake'd by Samsungno because this producted phone is bad and not say to any to the contact from other country, and i can t use this in venezuelaBought this phone for my dad and he seems to love it very much. Even though its off the market he doesn't seem to mind, its a really nice phone.I don't usually post a review, but this phone was a waste of time and money. The Google Play app did not work on either of the phones that we got even though we did the factory reset, downloaded the apps and even tried using the Google Play through the browser. I saw on another website that Google Play app problems are common with this phone. Don't waste your time or money like we did!3 Big issues with the phone: No support even on Samsung website. This model number is not listed there, so when there's a problem, it's zero support, so the phone is like dead! The extra storage means nothing since you can't move anything from the phone to the sd card. Pretty slow. I didn't expect much when I bought it. But it's not worth it at all.This was a bad purchase. the phone is slow, freezes us frequently and is awfully slow when browsing. The worst phone I have every owned.Met expectations. Arrived on time.Works well with T-mobile service. Like the color and design. Like dual sim card feature, as I have a card from overseas that is active. Can receive text messages on both cards.Very modern and nice, good product the one that offers of excellent quality I overcome my expectations...D T B .Not unlocked as advertised. This phone could not even be opened by AT&T. Sorry for all you hopefuls, but what appeared to be a Great phone could not be used.It's not worth the money. After two months it stopped working and won't turn on. The battery is dead and unfortunately you can't get an exchange given you only have one month warranty after the purchase.I made the wrong choice. The model I wanted was the MEGA DUO. At the time I was buying, I was doing throu my mobile and all letters were too small.thanks and the product came to our hands, it is excellent, good design, easy to use, useful for those people who need to be connected with social networking and other applications on your taste.this product was not what I expected as it is a total replica not know what happened because anteriorment and purchased and is perfect and decided to return it to the sellerIt's the smartest smart phone I've had...I really love it but I wish it had better range for Wifi. My router is downstairs and I can't get connection in my room upstairs. The battery runs down quicker than expected but I guess background stuff drains it or something. Sometimes it says no network so I have to restart to get it going again. I love it otherwise...very neat, cute phone...I'm having fun with it.The phone was smaller than I expected it to be, but overall it's a nice phone. Also there isn't many different cases and covers available for this phone. If it wasn't for that I would have given 5 stars.I had no idea this phone was not supported by Samsung. I just received this phone and it did not work correctly. I called Samsung for Tech help and they said I have to call the country it was made in, Which I would have to pay International phone cost to get tech help, there is no 800#. when you buy a new product it should work. Now, I guess the only thing to do is tbpayfd Shipping to send it back. The only problem is that I just xfaed my phone # to this phone, so I will be without A phone untilthisis resolvedI am very disappointed in this phone. First off, I did a lot of research before buying this one and I thought I'd find a good phone for good value. I don't know where it's gone wrong, but the phone is very slow. Any time I press on an app, it takes a good 10 seconds for it to come up. This is true when opening up Skype, Instagram, dialing, the phone, and texting. I live in Central America so when things like this go wrong, it's amplified as I have no easy way of sending it back. I want to send this phone back. It just takes forever to load anything I am trying to use.when I write msm the screen does not rotate, but other phones of the same model does. battery not lasting long enoughThis item was a gift I gave to my wife and she loved it&#8230;!!! It worked very well in Venezuela, even though it does not accept 3G with Movistar. Thanks a lot! La Guaira, VenezuelaI had the phone for less than two months and the touch screen stopped working. I would not recommend this to anyone. After having the phone for two weeks I started to experience problems. The phone was dropping calls and I had to remove the battery and put it back in for it to work on many occasions.I wanted to love this phone, I really did. It was my long overdue departure from the flip phone & I was excited to enter the era of the smartphone. My excitement was short lived, since this phone turned out to be a real turd. After about 2 weeks of use it developed some sort of interference that you can hear when making calls. I was disappointed, but I could overlook this. Next I noticed that if you put this phone in your pocket it would shut itself off. I think what happens is that while in a pocket, both the front & side buttons get pressed simultaneously, which turns the phone off (like a forced shutdown on a PC). This is pretty inconvenient, I mean WTF, a phone that you can't put in your pocket? Still, I decided to keep on with this phone. Then, for some mysterious reason this phone deleted all of my contacts. Maybe it happened during one of the times it was shutting itself off in my pocket, I have no idea, the contacts were just gone. Argh! So, after owning this phone for 3 months, I am looking to replace it.It's a pretty good fon, however it is too touch sensitive & freezes up very quickly. Also, takes a little long going from one function to another. Hate recieving message; x not working, would you like to quit?.This phone doesn't work well. It is not for International use. The speed is way too slow. Don't buy it.I recieved the phone two days ago and i went to charge it but i think its a broken receiver, its not reading that its plugged in.It came inside a box but witouth plastic wrap. It afvertised as new phone but was used already. I message from a thecnitian in a shop has been recorded. Sometimes can't connect to the mobile network, and I have to restart it. Very good size and weight.I waste my money purchasing this phone I cannot receive call on both phone at the same time. Also all my calls on sim one does to voice mail when someone call and I always have to reset the phone in order to receive or send calls.One of te sim card, the number 2 don't work, is broken and I just can have one number nowI really liked this phone but ended up returning it because I was unable to figure out how to change the default language from Chinese to English. Making the switch using the drop-down menu only changed the language of a few of the menu items and apps. All the rest, including the default language, remained in Chinese. I made several attempts using various ways found via Google, but nothing worked. In addition to this, the camera did not work.We signed up with Consumer Cellular and received a simple Motorola phone, which we got good signal reception. No dropped calls, no problems. We wanted to cancel our wired phone and dial-up internet connection, so we purchased the Samsung Galaxy S Duos s7562 to use as a phone and an internet hotspot for our computers. The Duos was not receiving any signal and it wasn't until I worked with Consumer Cellular tech support, that I discovered it was not really misconfigured or broken. By climbing to the roof on a nearby building, I was able to connect and place a telephone call. It reminds me of the &#34;Green Acres&#34; telephone situation, which was mounted on a phone pole, due to the lack of wire, at the time of installation. Other than that, the device looked neat and might be fine for someone who lives and works in a strong signal area. This may or may not reflect on the results you get with your own Samsung Galaxy phone.I think the charge plug is not fit in the USA,Do you have not another one,if you have. It will much better.I have had this phone for a few days now because I wanted to test it out before writing a review. First of all, what I wanted out of a smartphone was not a whole lot; good call quality, texting, internet (wifi), and access to my email account. Secondly, I wanted an unlocked phone that was $200 or less. So having said that, Pros: - Good size, light, and attractive - Screen is very responsive and almost too sensitive sometimes, easy to scroll and web-browse - Easy to use - Runs android - Can use two SIM cards (you do have to choose which card is active, but since I'm only using one SIM its not a problem) - It DOES work in the US (and with T-mobile) (Some people were saying it wouldn't accept T-mobile carrier and that it wouldn't work in the States; seems to be working fine) - It is unlocked - It was $160, which meant that this phone + case + screen protector + micro SD card is still cheaper than most unlocked phones. - Good camera - It was NEW - Long battery life, especially with the power saving option - The first thing the phone does is ask you what language you prefer and ENGLISH is one of those as well as many other languages (I saw a lot of complaints about it being in a foreign language) - Good phone quality, can hear everything clearly Cons: - The phone has very little memory (2GB only) so if you want to download a lot of apps, the phone will become super slow, however, you can use a micro SD card to increase memory and store photos/videos. - It is not the fastest processor, if you are switching quickly through multiple apps or web pages, it does take a second or two to load. This does not bother me that much, but if you need to use the phone for multiple things at all times, I'd consider a more powerful phone.The battery life, and front cam is very poor. skype nois I do not recomend any one to buy this productI hate everything about this phone. it hangs every second and takes long to get on..... i advise not to use itIt's working nicely. I did not face any problem. I recommend to everybody to purchase this product. There is no problem in touch screen and WiFi.the phone is not what I wanted from Samsung, when trying to view contact it takes a very longtime, I am not happy.I have a question about that phone, I already buying and Receive from you but problem is when I buy I was thinking this phone is new how you saying ? but when i receive the phone the phone is not new and the phone has 2 problems ? 1.Battery is not working 2.when I'm working or when I'm talking in the phone, the phone is blocked and I have to take battery out and to put battery in after that is going to work 1-2h and sometime when I have in my packet when I see the phone is switch offI bought this phone to be used in Central America, in El Salvador. It worked nice until i decided to restart de phone with factory settings, IMEI information was deleted and the phone became unusable. I have tried with several software and search in several forums but nothing works.Phone was much smaller than I imagined looked like a knock off cheap looking in other words the middle bar at the bottom got loose and out of the grove within a week I regret buying itGave two star one for Amazon being a good company to credit the shipping and handling thee saving charged me that was Sapose to be free ! The othe star for the fact the phone work for calls and messages but I found to have gal itches with keyboard and it don't keep battery very wellThis product was highly recommend by a close friend. I will recommend this cell phone as I am very impressed with it's performance thus far.I just turned 75 and gave up my throw away phone for this one, becasue of the two chip apability, which I have not yet tried, However, with one chip, it is doing everythng I want to do. My teenage daughter walked me through it and it works like my mind does, so, I think it is pretty simple. Sound level is great, apps for old gezers gave me the keyboard that I like and another app make the menue my size. I am partial to Samsung as to quality and being a robust product, today is my first day and I am a happy camper.Good afternoon I bought the phone from amazon and Wine detail of production as the touch screen goes crazy writing lyrics and dispersed and would like to change that eh could not hope to use your reply soon to see how I do to change it.... thanksI got this phone for my dad since he has large fingers and could not manage the small buttons on most phones, as well as he wanted to use more than one SIM (same service provider) at once. After 6+ months of use here are our findings: Pros: 1. Has all the major functions of a Samsung phone: great camera with flash, easy setup for email client, loud ringing volume. 2. Large screen with large numbers for dialing. 3. Came unlocked as advertised with no scratches, nicks or dents- was brand new in the plastic with all accessories and manual. Cons: 1. It is Dual SIM Standby NOT Dual SIM Active- we found this out the hard way when customers started complaining about not getting us, not even voice mail. The settings function by forwarding the calls of the inactive SIM to the active SIM. This may incur carrier charges for some persons. The alternative to this is to deactivate the call forwarding by going to the settings and deactivating &#34;Dual SIM always on&#34; and selecting one SIM card to act as the primary SIM while the other acts as the data SIM. This is a waste if you are using two different carriers to minimize on off-network calls (as in our case). 2. The processor is EXTREMELY slow. It freezes when you try to hang up from calls or even when searching your contact list. Don't expect it to save you when those 2 seconds count. 3. The phone automatically designates the SIM not in use as on standby. If this is not remedied, it will send calls to voicemail or will not give the caller a response. These are what we have noticed thus far. I gave it three stars (and not two) because it still functions somewhat with the two SIM cards even though it's not the way we would have liked it. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK.Not phone I ordered. I want to return it and get my money back, or the correct phone be sent me, the S-4 is what I ordered. Thanks, GARY D. YOUNG, COLONEL, US ARMY, (RET.)I love the phone, however it seem to have a fault it is extremely slow and would not save you in an emergency. I will be making a call and it is not responding sometimes until 3-5 minutes. It is so frustrating and I wish I could return it for a different once seeing this May have a factory fault. I thought maybe it's the second sim why it was sooooooo slow so I removed one and it's no different. Please please help me. Thanks. I spent all that money and may soon have to get another phone. Please, thanksThe phone came broken. I had so much expectations for this phone after reading the specifications but I was so disappointment when I opened it and the menu button was falling out; I didn't have any option than to return it back to seller.The phone seems slow and freezes a lot. I have to restart it a lot. It is not as high quality as I would expect from Samsung, but I guess for the price it is alright.Two days old, and the battery was not working properly anymore. To charge it, i have to open it, take the battery off, put it back, and only then it re charges.Slim body, 2 Sims, good touch screen, easy to use and good network all are avalable in apps, fast shipping sothatThe Samsung Galaxy s7562 duos unlocked. Working why Telcel and Moviestar and other friends have ok bye View Conversation on Facebook deI like the phone a lot!!! It works perfectly here in Jamaica. Now instead of walking with 2 phones to have 2 networks. I can walk with one. Its excellent. The graphics is excellent. It far exceed my expectation.personally I do not like big phones as they don't fit well on pockets (men love to carry stuff on pockets :) ) so this Samsung is definitively a choice for me. Small, light, fast... love itI have been very happy with all it does. This is a phone I can see having for awhile. It has been very easy to navigate and get use to.The signal strength is better the phone I bought from coolpanda. All Amazon shoppers be very careful with this seller (coopanda). I had a terrible experience with them. I will never purchase any item from them again. This Samsung is a cool phone.It's a good cell phone, but I didn't expected that the default language was Chinese.... But it look a good phoneThis is a good budget dual SIM android. Great screen and decent performance given you know what you're doing with an android in the mid to low end category. The 5mp camera is decent with a powerful flash that sometimes yellows photos but overall produces average color reproduction and details. Browsing performance sometines is slow but that is to be expected. General use if the phone is snappy provided the user hasn't loaded a ton of widgets and unnecessary apps. It's nice gaming phone but will do for temple run,cut the rope etc. Good for casual games. Battery is 1500mah and is sufficient with light to average use for about 18 hrs. Talk times are pretty good. Overall great at this price and obesity of the better options for sub 200usd budget.The phone was purchased as a birthday gift and it is amazing. The dual sim capacity works perfectly and the features are excellent. The tone quality is also great and hearing clarity is perfect. I would definitely get another! The dual sim works well, I have no complaints. The features are also excellent. I definitely recommend.I had always wanted a dual sim phone of a high quality and the Samsung Galaxy S Duos is in my view the best option. I would certainly recommend this magnificent gadget to anyone in search of the convenience of having two cellphones in one.The product was delivered in perfect condition and has met my expectations. I was surprised when I turned on the machine because the menu was in Chinese, but everything was ok when I selected the appropriate language. The only point I did not like was the view of the text messages that are a little disorganized for a device from Samsung. But overall I really liked it and would recommend the product.Great product, surpassed my expectations. Came with all accessories. Works well. Light weight. I am in the process of ordering a few more to use as giftsI purchased this product as gift to my uncle in India. Where he is using two cellphones before. But now one one. Great bandwidth catch for both sim cards. Touch screen is not so accurate, some time it has to be clicked twice. But as compared to low range its class phone its great product.I am delighted with this phone, is very fast, lightweight, easy to handle. And best of all is that I have my two active lines in one phone.The galaxy smartphones are always a great purchase and it's just the right size to anywhere. I really love it.I have bought for my dad. he is so happy of it. Actually, sometimes this phone becomes slow a little bit because its specification is not high. In fact, it is a great phone for its price. I love it as well.Excellent product, 100% recommended meets all expectations. It works very well is a high quality product and has everything expected. Thanks from Venezuela.THIS PRODUCT PROVIDED THE NEED AND SERVICE THAT I WAS LOOKING FOR. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO MY FRIENDS.I was using an galaxy Y young dual chip. Comparing booth, this new one it much more better. new android, more internal memory. very fast.This phone was all that i though it would be for a dual sim phone. I can use my two sim cards from different providers without much problems, but it is still not a 4g phone so it is rather slow when compared to the s3 etc. I also cannot have too many apps running as it will slow down the phone even more.I have a ATT and China Mobile SIM card installed. I can make calls and send SMS on both networks without having to carry 2 phones which is great. The phone works well in China but in the US I can not access the internet using the AT&T network even though I have a 5 GB monthly data plan. The AT&T people could not fix it, maybe I need to change carriers to Verizon. I would have prefered a higher end Galaxy phone but none of them I am aware of offer the convience of 2 SIM cards for frequent international travelers who don't want to carry 2 phones.First of all. This product is really brand new (I'd my doubts). It came with its plastics films (front, rear and sides) with no scratches or evidence of previous manipulating. I'm really glad and satisfied for that. I bought two identical phones, they were delivered in estimated date (paying for expedited shipment). It's my first experience with an android but i think this one is really a good alternative for a first smart android phone. I've read that this model is pretty slow but i can assure is faster than my Coby Kyros MID1042 and this is enough for me. I can surf internet at acceptable rates, even in hsdpa or WIFI. Connect 3G, HSDPA and wifi barely detected. Screen is pretty good too. It comes with Google Play Store. Only one reason i don's give 5 stars: POOR BATTERY LIFE. This apart, it's a good, strong, stable and pretty compatible device. The double sim card feature works fine too. I have Digitel and Movilnet sims in mine and have no problem with that. I can receive calls from both operators at the same time. I love this phone and really recommend it.Have it working in Mexico and its great! i dont have any trouble using it, this phone is totally recommendedI received 2 days ago my new phone. Until now it's working perfectly except the network. I came from Hungary and I can not use the phone with my Hungarian sim cards. I tried also with 1 USA carrier's Verzion sim card also, and the phone still asking the network Unlock code. It means it's network locked.this is one of the best products of samsung with regard to the dual series sim, the only thing that it might overcome this phone is that samsung had s3 in dual sim.Excelente equipo todo resulto como lo esperado Excelente el tiempo de entrega y el envio cubrio toda espectativa Good workExcellent product! Same as description except they forgot to say it is unlocked what it is perfect. Buy it freelyIs fast, quad band, It is worth spending on this phone!! The only problem is the battery life, 12 hours!!After less than a month of using the phone the screen went blank. I didn't drop it nor did it get wet. It was in my purse in it's protective case. GOT A BAD ONE!!! I'd heard good things about Samsung Maybe it's just this Samsung Galaxy duos model or the phone that was shipped to me. BEWARE!!!! I RETURNED THE PHONE TO AMAZON!!!I've been using this phone for 3 months now, and think it's absolutely great, with one exception. Although it's listed as, and apparently has, 4gb of memory, only 1.78gb is actually available for use. As explained to me, this is rather typical of smart phones. In my case however, I really needed the extra memory for my critical applications. Some files and apps can be moved to an SD card. Mine cannot. My Nexus 4 broke the day before I left the country for 3 months, and had this one sent to me overnight. Did not learn of the memory problem until after I left, and then too late to do anything about it. As mentioned, it's a good phone. Just be aware of memory limitations. The Nexus 4, of course, is a much better phone.Samsung is a rip-off . This is the worst type of phone in the world I left comments for the seller and even tried to return it and they ignored it the worst 270 investment ever.The phone seems to have really great features. Light, dual sim and great size. Just as I was getting the hang of it, it slipped my hand and fell to the ground. The screen shattered. I did not even get the opportunity to put on the case. I had a blackberry before. It fell about 100 times over the 2 years I've owned it. It still works today. I gave this phone a two star rating due to its lack of durability.But...it came with a slight bulge in the housing, hence one star off. Apart from that, it's everything my husband wanted once he read/watched reviews for dual SIM phones. Of the 'duos' collection from Samsung, this got the best ratings. Both SIMS are in and function smoothly. The ICS operating system is pretty cool, the screen is great for watching videos, and the Play Store has all the apps he didn't know he needed ;-). Great price, fast shipping, new and unlocked as advertised. Wonderful buy.I got this phone recently because my cheap China-copy that I had had before got stolen and I wanted a dual SIM smartphone. It looks good, is not too heavy, but the performance is pathetic for a smartphone sold in 2013 by a company like Samsung: - the screen brightness is not nearly enough on a sunny day, always have to use my hand to shade the display - touchscreen reacts completely randomly. Half the time it takes a pinch zoom in google maps (and other apps) as a tap, or doesn't react at all - annoyingly slow: have to clear RAm every few hours to make it react a little smoother again - crashes almost once a day, quite often google maps (latest updates installed, also new firmware recently) - even standard phone functions such as opening the call screen, or message screen takes ages. The call is already being placed and I still can't type anything (for example a number while on a hotline) because the phone screen just hasn't shown up yet - listening to music quite often renders the phone unusable, possible related to the payer I use although I haven't rrady any reviews stating that behavior - camera is crap Here the few upsides: - sound is good, even listening to music works good enough for me - only have tested it with one SIM card so far, works fine So all in all I'm very dissapointed. I understand that Samsung thinks the dual SIM feature is so amazingly special that the can sacrifice perfomrance and to some extend I would accept this. However using this piece of crap is no fun at all, my 80$ china dual sim S3 copy worked ten times better. Unfortunately I'm travelling overseas right now and had no chance to return it so I'm stuck with it. Won't be long befor eI buy a proper phone. 1 star for being able to place calls.good quality product, an extraordinary strong team serves well in Venezuela on any carrier, very versatile indeed recommended... excelent phoneGreat quality phone, the shipping was fast and the phone was definitely unlocked. Even though it lags a little, it was great and definitely worth buying :)Wonderful phone with excellent features. Only thing is that it comes with a manual in chinese. Frustrated at first but then I got around it after I found it in english on line. Should have come with a spanish and english maual too. Otherwise than that it's a great phone. Delivery was speedy, one day I opt for. Thanks guys.I love the phone and it works perfectly, it does everything expected of it and much more. I especially love the way the two sims works. Anyway for now there is nothing about the phone i don't like.I've been using this phone for a couple of months now and I am so happy with it!!! the dual sim works great!! I have two different lines in it from different operators and it works perfectly!! I'm so happy I got to get rid of carrying two cell phones around!!! also the operating system works great, it has not given me any trouble at all!! love, love, love, love it.I like this phone. It is perfectly suited for my needs with the dual chip. But the processor is too slow. I gave this phone a 5 star rating before. But I have reduced it to 3 stars, because of the slow performance. I have decided not to install all kinds of apps that could slow it down. However, the default applications (the ones I cannot even delete) are more than this phone can really handle. It results in a slow navigation when you wish to make calls, which is very annoying. I'm living with that because it would be more inconvenient to carry two phones, but Samsung need to place a stronger processor in this phone.It is a good phone, but it is slow. It has low processing speeds and sometimes take times to load. It gets stuck most of the time. Very pretty thoughI had buy this phone end January and this work until april. I cant find one way to fix the problem. The amazon don't allow I contac the seller for see if can fix or replace. I hate this. If I go to a normal store I just have my phone fix or replace.Completely disappointed, the cell is a copy of GT-S7562 not supported by samsumg and impossible to use the 3G in my area even though the box says UMTS 900/2100 only available 2100, I have been cheated by you aSavings, cell turned out to be the family of MTK, and this in particular is a MT6572 which means it is a Chinese clone, it is unfortunate that you post on this product as original when in fact it is not, I hope all the other people they can read this so that they are not cheated like me, many vendors as you aSavings believe doing this benefits them, but have some clear divine justice arrived in time, so eventhough you think it will not be so, but more importantly there is hope and you can even do good things and live well and maybe even be saved in jesus, have a nice dayThis phone sticks all the time and takes long to switch to another app. Not what I expected!!! Thinking about giving it away.the team is good but like everything else, has its downside and me is this: the team is 2g and not as touted in the sales page, I mean it's not 3g HSDPA. and is a major disadvantage as the telephone companies in Venezuela are working with that band. therefore we give it three stars.I recieved the phones, but the battery in one is worthless, and one can't be found locally,so i had to buy two from amazon(one as spare). I would have thought you would check the merchandise before selling it.theese products are used! it is not as described, the seller says that are new phones but it is TOTALLY false!Nice phone, I love it has two sim cards! Very light and quite simple to use! Thanks a lot also for the American adaptor! Nice service!Excellent purchase. The cellphone came completly new with its manual, charger, earphone, usb cable. I am very happy with it. And was shipped in time.This was a backup phone for travel to europe and for this purpose is fantastic. For a daily use phone it would be a bit frustrating as the screen is a bit small for heavy use but as a backup or for smaller hands this would be a great device for a stellar price.It is a good phone but the battery doesnt last long. i cannot get through a work day without it dying out. But in terms of features, it has everything a business person like me needs.This is not a bad choice for someone who is looking for a phone to make and receive calls. It allows you to download apps of your choice. The problem I am having is that the battery life lasts for two days maximum without using it on a regularly basis then you need to charge it. TrishGood Good Good Its a excelent phone. I recomend this for every body. This store is excelent too. a Good ProductThis was not a good phone for me. It would not manually turn off. When the back was on the ring tone would not work. It would not connect with internet and would not let us download any games. Had no trouble returning it and getting my refund.This is a good phone. It howver freezes alot and is a little slow to booth up when waking up the phone from sleepThis phone look nice I buy new phone but they send me use phone and the apps don't work it won't open. I had to send it backthe phone seems not the original Chinese version, They received it in bad conditions, on and off buttons do not work, should explain in your ad that is an aftermarket phone samsung thankswill not connect to data on my at&t network, very disappointing, no warranty so I guess I am out of luck.NOT ORIGINAL SAMSUNG PHONE. CHINESE FAKE PHONE. I HAVE SOFTWARE PHONE PROBLEM, POWER AND VOLUMEN BUTTON PROBLEM , AND APP PROBLEMes un buen telefono en general. puesto que lo uso fuera de EE.UU. trae muchas aplicaciones que no me son convenientes en mi pais. Y al descargarle las aplicaciones que yo necesito el telefono se pone un poco lento. No obstante, es un movil magnifico en su utilidad y en su versatilidad. It is a good phone in general. since I use outside U.S. I bring many applications are not suitable in my country. And download it the applications I need the phone gets a little slow. However, it is a magnificent mobile in their usefulness and versatility.Good price, good phone, you should have it!. Better than many smartphones, and the price is amazing, I am happy.The phone is not a original phone and his funcionality is not good. This is a bad and fake phoneReally like the phone except its Wi-Fi MAC address changing. Have to return it this time. Might try to buy another one to see whether i got some luck.I would not advise any one I know to purchase this product. They don't even provide you with instructions on it's usage. They sent it a foreign language that was not English, the sound quality is not good at all. Do not waste your money!I wrote the seller and they sent me an attachment that sent me to a YouTube video to watch. When I got the unit the closest instructions on it to English, was Italian. The power supply that came with one is an international one with a USA adaptor. It was perfect for me because it was going to a friend in another country. But if want it for the US, it would work but be a little cumbersome.It's a great phone and an incredible convenience for the functionality to be using two SIM CARD in one unit. It is a very fast phone and surf the internet with great speed as both the Wi Fi in the Data Package.unfortunately the Samsung Galaxy S Duos S7562 Unlocked GSM Phone with Dual SIM, Android 4.0, I get my hands, say they were mislaid it was not his fault, but Bloo is that the injured was my daughter was her birthday, Rainbow Quartz is the GS124 Swatch Women Dial plastic Watch is excellent, no tube worst chance to try so I give it 3 stars, exonerating guilty for what happened sellerLooking for a cell phone with good cost x benefits? So you should take this one. Otherwise, if you need a fast processor and hd images, or if you need storage space or gameplay, this one doesn't fit very well.Many Thanks for your I was waiting to buy a Samsung Galaxy Phone, so I am so happy. It came on time, and I do not have any bad comment about it. I hope enjoy myself the experiencie with my new phone, ByeWaaaah it is more than I thought, smart, small, fast and a dual card phone. I highly recommend it to anyone who need fast browsing phoneIf I had known the phone cannot get the 3G in US, I wouldn't consider buying it. The 3G frequency range is not avaliable here. Also, no earphone and battery is not good.Very good product as expected, good quality and finish. I have no complaints. I highly recommend it, I have no comment.I bought this phone for my personal use here in US and for use abroad.I must say this completely a piece of junk and crap i bought,the processor is extremely slow the screen get held it get worse if you down load some apps like Skype,face book,or what's app,camera quality is also not good i mean with a 5 megapixel you expect some quality,over all i waste my money so my sans-ere advice to anyone do not buy this product.This dual SIM phone is good. I used it internationally and it was ok. What I didn't like about it was the virtual keypad, not easy to navigateI haven't actually used 2 sim cards in the phone yet but so far the phone is working perfectly. I intend to use additional sim card when I go on vacation in September of this year. After that I would be able to give a complete review of it. But so far I love the phone. Downloading apps is faster than my Samsung Vibrant. Picture quality too is good.The phone is fine, but it is very small. But a good on if you don't like the bigger onesBattery wouldn't charge, tried for days, the phone is slow not very sturdy not a lot of options with this phone. I would not recommend this phone. for the money you can get something much better I myself choose the moto g and am very happy with itVery disappointed!! Delivery did not come on time, when it arrived battery won't work dead in less than 24hrs. after charging it 100%!! Then I need to return the item within 2days as it won't work with AT&T. Please do not buy, do not waste your money on this!!!This product is really great; the phone works fine and download apps easily when the internet connection is good. the only problem is that the instruction manual was in polish.Okay, So I will promptly leave a longer feedback message then normal because this phone DOES have a lot of mixed reviews. The phone itself is a solid phone, I had to get it to replace my older LG Dynamic. I wanted a phone with a larger pixel dimensions (Bigger screen) and a something faster. That is exactly what I got. Now, however, if you do not have a Sims Card, you will need to buy one. I needed to buy one because the LG Dynamic -As far as I know- does not have a place to use a Sims, and while I am on Straight Talk I had to order a Sims. The only thing that bothers me would be the fact that I have no idea if a T-moblie or AT&T Sims card will still work if I am using Straight Talk. If your phone is running slow, this is what you NEED TO DO. Uninstall all the apps that you will not use (The apps that came with the phone that are not installed on the ROM). Go over to your Google Play store and go to Settings, TURN OFF automatic updates. --Now something I would do, but you don't really have too-- Root your phone and install Titanium Backup. back up all apps that are on the phone And remove apps you will not use from the ROM...Like ChatOn. All and all, I really needed to leave a feedback message on this item because I was not really liking the mixed reviews. Also, if you plan on reading all of the reviews, and you live in the US or Canada, disregard any comment made about Venezuela. Sorry, that has really been bugging me a lot..The phone was tested with the three existing operators in Venezuela (Movistar, Digitel and Movilnet) and works with any 3G service only works with 2G and cell slow Internet browsing.Had it barely a month. It did not work properly. It also was extremely slow and continued to shut down while I was using it.I LOVE my phone.. it does get a little slow when a lot of apps are installed but all the stuff i can do with this phone its just awesome It's better than blu rave d230It is the lightest and fast mobile phone I recommend for everyday use, for people who are just starting to use Android devices. And because you can use two SIM cards, I have no need for the tedious walk with two handsets, but only this spectacular phone. I highly recommend.The phone is ok i guess, i not really liking the duo sim. couldn't get phone turned on for useWhen I first got the phone,it looked nice.but when I turned it on,It wasnt in English.luckily I knew what the word English looked like n a different language.that kind of through me off.my phone would charge off the home chargers,but wouldn't charge n my car using the same charger piece n even a Cigarett lighter outlet.the phone would have freeze here n there .restart at times,mainly when in public and switching through WiFi to original network.The download speeds was extremely slow,which annoyed me.because I'm always online.The phone couldn't be activated anywherein the United States so I had to send it back. I would give it no stars if I could. Customer service was awesome however with the return and even found me a great phone to fit my needs from another site.I saw it i liked the design, the price was very interesting too, then i bought it. Now i'm happy with my phone; it has worked for me like expected!This phone is okay, it looks pretty and it's light but it is VERY slow it does not work very well with Straight talk connected to the AT&T towers (maybe because of where I live). The phone sometimes freezes or decides not to launch certain apps because of failure to respond. I do like the way the phone looks but am very displeased with the way it acts. I appreciate the shipping condition it came in but I don't think I would recommend you buying this certain phone.Only have had.This phone for a few days but love my new phone. Lots to learn, but works great. And you can't beat the price.It is extremely rare for me to type a negative review, but...I've had this phone for a month or so now, and I've had nothing but trouble right from the start. I cannot use my contacts, or text conversations, to text someone; I have to type the full phone number every time. I love to text so this is a pain! The screen freezes quite a bit and I either have to wait it out or turn it off then on again. Just in the last week it's started to drop calls. Most concerning is the fact that the screen appears to be separating from the back of the phone; perhaps when I go to get the phone fixed (!!!) some of the problems will start to resolve themselves. My only complaint with the Samsung phone I owned prior to this one was that occasionally the screen would freeze, but I liked the phone and hoped that this one would be even better. I do believe this will be the last Samsung phone I purchase.The phone charger doesnt even work with american outlets. The user guide was in a different language and the phone is very slow. I would never reccomend this phone to anyone.the description of items and specifications agreed with the statement made by the supplier, I am well satisfied with the product recido and the time cameEverything about the phone is true. It's a beautiful phone. Works well and has good features. I am not 100% familiar with it, but so far it is a great little phone.Seems to have a little sketchiness in connecting to the towers. She loves the size, volume (listening to music) and ease of use. Seems to work great with the apps and she loves it. The only problem we have seen so far is that it has some problems connecting with the towers, yet doesn't seem to be real bad. First smart phone so we don't have a lot to compare it with.The function is fine. And it supports two GSM cards. But it cannot use 3G for T-mobile. Only &#34;E&#34; (Edge) is available. I think it is due to the supported bands are 850/900/18001900 but T-mobile 3G is 1700MHz. If it is not this case or anyone knows the work around, please let me know. Thanks very much.My daughter was so excited when I gave this phone as a present. She had it for just over a week but now will not connect to network. She has to restart to make phone work, sometimes had to restart 2 times. We are returning it. My son's phone is exactly same model and works perfectly. We got his at Best Buy 3 months ago.I chose this classification because I like the product. I like this product because I need it. I recommend it to family and friends.excellent recommend very good product, reliable. You can buy with confidence. telefon good, comfortable, lightweight, good software, fast. muy buenoI was looking for a simple opened smart telephone to be in contact now that I am moving to another country. It is working perfectly for that!I have set alarms on it that have not went off at the time set to go off. and have not been able to adjust my setting as I want themWhat shocked me when the phone arrived was how small it was. It felt and looked like a Samsung mini and not a regular Samsung Galaxy size.I like it so far for the simple fact, I just got it yesterday! Still trying to figure out some things! But over all its better than my old Samsung by far!As expected from Samsung, this phone has the quality and the features that have made this brand so popular. I was very happy to select this product particularly for the Dual SIM feature that I was looking for.I always have used samsung celular and stopped when BB arrived, but now I used it again I love itThe cellphone not filled my expectations, because it don't work in 3G here in Venezuela with Movistar. It only work in 2GIts an excellent phone, its fully locked no logos, though manual is in French, but since its use friendly no problem use just selcted english or any other language (some other languages) first time you turn it on and then your good to go and charger has round pins ( good for me because am taking it to africa) but it has another extention for the usa sockets. It came without the ear phonesI really like the phone,its a little smaller than expected it works very well so far came new in a box money well spent.the phone is good and works well in Germany. I need to buy another one for myself. I love this phone.It has all I need it, it lost the charge a littel bit quicly but it is a good phoneThe recipient loved the phone right out of the box, small with dual simcard, wireless,unlocked great price not a bad deal,I am still having problems with the phone charger so please I want a new chargers. I did not ordered 2 phones at the same typeit work just as good as the s3 except it need more memory other no complaint it's great &#60;3 &#60;3good phone still learning all the features, and capabilities of this phone. would recomended this to anyone who might be considering buying it.very good productI love this phone it all I wanted it to do and more. I have one problem my wife and friend wants one but wouldn't let me order it.The phone is good but the largest issue is that you cannot save apps or photos or music onto the SD card therefore phone storage is incredibly low.It work well, a good cell phone for the normal use. And the shipment is just on time like they promised.I like the packaging and time it takes to reach. My only problem is that it came with a plug that I have no idea where to use it. Its the first am seeing those plugs.Whilst I found that the phone had nice features, I was having trouble connecting to the local network. So one minute I can call and receive call but another time I can't make calls and receive calls. This would happen throughout the day. I would have to constantly restart it to get it to function for about an hour. This became very annoying quickly. I'm not sure if it's the phone itself or if there is a problem registering on the network.i think it is very good cell phone.... i can use it for every thing&#8230;. it is a complet phone&#8230;.I think this phone is an affordable choice for those who need a double chip telephone. At times it seems a bit slow, like it crashed few times with Skype, and it freezes quite often. As i said though, if you are looking for a double sim, android based samsung phone, this is the most affordable you can get.Hi..I purchased this phone as my standbye phone. It is a good peice for a normal price. All necessary functions are available to ocmply with smartphone status.The phone is a good phone for the price, but you will need the hard case to go with it. There are 2 problem that should be addressed (1) The volume is not powerful enough especially for someone working in a noisy environment (2) The battery life gives you only 14 hour if you are running the phone at it's full capacity.Love it! Nice clear display; makes it easier to use Skype than on my Samsung Galaxy Y. I'm using a sim card from www.speakout7eleven.ca; I do not have data with it as I'm only using prepaid vouchers and do not have a plan with SpeakOut. So far so good.The phone is Excellent, the Samsung Galaxy is the future phone, and I am happy with this product. It is magnific phone.I bought this unlocked phone for a prepaid plan instead of getting a contracted phone with extra data costs. This works perfectly for my purposes. The dual sim is also an extra convenience when traveling, instead of having to purchase a different phone abroad.The phone was good, I wanted a Samsung. It was made in Japan, so when I took it to Metro PCS to have it set up, they couldn't read Japanese to change it. Sent it back, no problemsThis phone arrived packaged very well. It arrived in the allotted time. I like almost everything about this phone. I didn't want a big phone that stuck out of my hand. So the size is favorable. I agree with some of the reviews that the battery drains fast if your running apps but that is understood. I haven't had trouble with dropped calls. The sim went right in out of my old phone and worked. It picks up the router fine in my house. I can use this phone when I travel to the Philippines or other southeast Asian countries without taking my US sim out. This phone works on Guam USA.I love my new device it does everything I need it to do, and I have always wanted one and now I have it.Nokia Lumia phones are far better. However the quality of Nokia phones are expected to decline now that Microsoft is in control.Bought for my dad as way to introduce him to android phones, the samsung UI is not perfect but the phone is ver handy and the OS looks nice, it works really well outside US so i have no complaints about it, so overall good for a first android phone but could do better without samsung UI.The package arrived on time but looked forcibly closed. As if it has been opened previously and not put back the way it was. The back cover of the phone itself does not completely click right into place and always leaves a gap which springs back out each time you press it back. Android on this phone is jittery and gets stuck on a daily basis, even with only two or three apps running and half a gig of free memory, it keeps hampering. I know that for just shy of two hundred bucks I shouldn't expect much but this is a purchase I regret, epecially with the Moto G in the same price range.initially I had problems getting both sim cards to work and it was not the sim cards as i tested them on other mobiles. since I work in the middle east I was update that I purchased online and then could not send it back. then I discovered that the cost here was similar which really irritated me. After switching sim card slots and testing it eventually started working, which was a relief !Was very satisfied with my purchase. Great phone great deal. Will buy again when the time comes around. Hopefully soon.This product is user friendly and very handy. I didnt expect that the size is just fine and you can carry them easily.A bit slow sometimes but, altogether a good phone, the android software is at icecream sandwich which to me sucks i prefer jellybean and the way things look samsung won't be making an offical update for this phoneVery nice phone, really easy to carry due to it size. Samsung makes one fine product. This is my fifth product from Ssmsung, n obtaining it from Amazon.com makes things that much better for dependability, n guarantee that I'll be treated with the utmost care and protection. Thank you Mr.R.CrewsSometimes we read the review from another people o dont get the product so from my opini&oacute;n the real true is the se cell is a great smartfhone is fast the pic al most wintout flash are execellent quality the two sim work with company you can answer both call everything is great in this cellPut in my local sim card, and works no problem. Not to small and not to big! Just right mobile phone! Need to get another!I really like this phone! It's easy to handle and works well with the Kolbi system here in Costa Rica. A couple of observations: It came with a 220 plug for the charger and no adapter. Fortunately my old phone was a Samsung so I had the correct plug for a 110 outlet. There was a slip of paper explaining that when initially started up the language would be in Polish. I suggest that notice could be printed on more noticeable paper? It was an easy change to make but if someone missed the notice, they would be a bit disconcerted! I'm a Senior and not the most tech savvy person on the planet so I appreciate a device that operates without too much fuss and bother. This phone fits the bill.EVERYTHING IS EXPECTED AS THERE WAS NO PROBLEM AND PRODUCT MEETS EXPECTATIONS MY VERY GRATEFUL THANK GOD FOR ALL GOODthe phone is perfect. It works perfect for Argentina providers. The delivery was fast enough. everything was in ok although I had to pick it up at the post office.It does what it suppose to do and they really like it. It's hard to find things for the phone like a hard case and etc.This is a great product, however, I find myself constantly having to charge this phone after 3 to 4 hours especially after extended data usage. :(The charger was not for this phone. I had to buy one. Did not want the hassle of sending it back.It does work all over the world, but you do have to buy a sim card for the locations your at. Great purchase...the GPS was awesome from Japan, to the Philipines, to Hawaii.Pros: Great feel and design. Coming from a Black Berry the overall performance was really responsive and I was able to download the BBM App as well as the Whats App to stay connected to all my friends. It was indeed factory unlocked and works well in the Caribbean, I'm in Barbados. Cons: Battery life drains too fast so I had to download the Battery Doctor App which really helps correct that and the virtual keyboard was a challenge at first but I'm getting better. That's the reason I didn't give it 5 stars. Overall its a really great phone so if you like it go for it.I am just getting to use this phone and I am AMAZED at all the features. Dual SIM is great since I am currently living overseas. Seller was awesome too. I would highly recommend this phone!My phone worked fine and met my expectations. there was only one problem, the battery needed to be charged too quickly. Even when I did not run anything or download anything, I still had to charge every night.I was looking for a new smartphone with dual sim capabilities and a suitable app availability that would keep me up to date with the newest communication technologies. It met quite well my requirements and I'm very satisfied with it.I am very disappointed in this phone. I have always used another brand and decided to switch to the Samsung and boy do I regret it! This phone basically has to live on a charger. Not worth the money in my books. Would not recommend it to anyone. Also the screen is not as sensitive as it should be, simply trying to answer the phone can be a challenge.This was a gift for my wife. She loves it. Very fast, great screen, and not expensive. Camera is decent and battery life is ok.This phone has being the most terrible smartphone I ever got. Both of them cannot support video calling like SKYPE,TANGO,VIBER. The phones start freezing the 1st day of utilization when you open 2 two apps at the same time or in 3 way call. Samsung need to send this back to the drawing board. thanks.The product meets expectations. The check for the Amazon.com page and adjusted to my needs and to make a gift. With a good price.Great cellphone a&ntilde;os Smsrtphone... good product and 2 sincard is amazing...... Recomend 100% thanks very much Samsung very vey amazingI like it because it has all the regular good aspects of a Samsung high rating cellphones (S3 mini, S3...). I liked the price. This was a gift for my dad, who has 2 cellphones lines. I like the camera. The thing that I don't like, It's not too fast, and sometimes it's very slow with few apps. For regular costumers that only want a simple dual SIM cellphone with a good camera. This is the cellphone for you!It's a DUOS phone, that works well in Venezuela. The phone on the other hand is slow... REALLY slow. At first, when it's new it works fine. When I started taking pictures and downloading apps it turned really slow and some apps stopped working, and I'm not talking about the games or anything! the predetermined apps stop working all of a sudden too and a restart is needed. Bottom line, I wouldn't reccomend to buy this phone.I gave it a 3 star because for the day I had it it was going great..but it is way tooo slowwww....u click something and wait seconds for it to open up..and there were not a lot of apps..smh....it was crazyThis product is a horrible product. I'm in the technology business. It changes setting every day on it's own. In addition, it changes peoples telephone numbers. When I call the person answers and tells me i have the wrong number. I have to go back to my old phone to find out the number to change it back. I'm absolutely disgusted with it and want my money back.This has been a great phone. The BEST feature being the dual SIM. I have my t-mobile SIM in #1 which gives me unlimited text and data and then I bought a Thai pre-paid SIM (carrier=AIS) at 7/11 in Bangkok and put 500 Baht (approx. $16) on that. I use SIM#2 to call and text friends in Thailand. The only downside is the size. Its just a bit too small of a footprint so using the keyboard yields more mis-spellings than my other smatphones.I bought this phone two month ago and I can say it is quite good. Nice features all most can do everything. But what I don't like is the part that the applications can't move to external sd card. This phone doesn't posses a lote of memory and the fact of not be able to manage my apps is frustrating.Delivery, I thought it could be faster, but the advantages of the phone, outweigh the inconvenience. This was the second attempt to buy it, because the former had no availabilityIn terms of features, this phone has all the features. But even if you try to download and run 4 apps in it, its hung all the time. I had to delete all the important apps including facebook from my phone to run its normal functions + whatsapp. Not you phone it you want to run many apps.because i really like the phone and the features that it has every thing i want and more this will be a good giftReliable, easy to use, very sensitive screen. Runs everything for android with no problems. very stable and best, does not hang up.Its truly classy for the price, convenient two sim, and the camera is great.. led flash enhances photos. I have already recommended severalOk so I thoughts would wait at least a week before I receive my phone before I give. Review. Now the phone came with everything it said it would have which is good. But it was scratched up.. The phone of it self came popped out of the shell, might have to glue that... And the worst it shuts down by its self.. I highly disappointed and I would return this phone but hey for what another bad phone.... Get the phone from another seller, trust meBattery charger did not fit had to buy I corect batery charger . The one that came with the phone did not work at allI was very disappointed to learn that the phone doesn't enable Smart Dual SIM. Both SIMs will not be active but on standby (You wont receive your call if you are on the other SIM) :( I also tried to find out if there was a fix from the seller, Mobile Front, but after telling them the problem they avoided responding to my emails.As advertised, on time delivery, no issues!! The description matched the product that I was looking to purchase and met my expectations.not worth the money, its okay as a phone but very very slow, I mean don't expect to take pictures listen to music and have a phone call, your phone will totally freeze, taking a photo takes 2 mins to load the camera, and I have a 16gb memory in it! save your money and buy an SII , huge difference.I can not even use it. The main problem with this stuff is that the manual or instructive that was included is in Czech or in other Slavic language; so I can not use it properly. Do anyone has a link where to find a instructive for this Galaxy Duos?. Please let me know: julio.mora@iica.int. Thank youIts a beautiful phone, It does everything that I expect and more, So the Amazon is the only way to shop.Very good phone for less than a third of the price of an S4. Dual sim works very good, Skype works well with wifi not to good with 3G(this not a 4G phone).Excellent choice for a basic smaPhone came in unused condition and fired up fine but when going to activate it to our already existing verizon plan as a replacement phone it was not recognized and could not be activated.It 's my first Sansung. I had a Blackberry before it. SO NICE! I'll buy another one to my husband. The cam is very good.Igreat care was expected immediate delivery good good model material fact in this comfortable well-defined colors etc etc etc etc.the telephone was working 2g (it saiid is 3 g) is very slow and sometimes i didnt have coverage in areas that im normally have it very disapointedThe phone does not load. When connecting the cable the phone does not load, tried another charger and it did not workIts a great little phone--didn't work with my intended provider but that's more the fault of the provider-- good luckI bought this cellphone for my dad because he has 2 cellphones. The Dual Sim card was the reason why I chose it, is not as fast as the new generation smartphone like S3 Mini, but meets his needs...I absolutely love my phone. I have not explored all its features as yet, so I can't give it a five star rating at this moment. The only issue I have with it, happens to be the screen's sensitivity when taking a call. Is there an app that can lock the screen while you are taking a call?I ordered this phone from Wireless everything and i am very satisfied with this order/product. i was skeptical when i ordered this phone but (Wireless Everything) is a legit company with some nice products... i will be shopping with them for other things.Only had it for two days, but love the familiarity of use as I already have a Samsung Galaxy tablet. Takes great photos, but I still have to learn to use it. Only big negative is that it came with a European travel plug(round pins), so I had to buy a charger plug with flat pins for US use.great phone good prize ,easy to operate ,bought this a month ago just like my little toy it works greatMy only real complaint is that electronics these days don't come with instruction books. I know you can go on line somewhere and find some sort of instructions. Usually I get my 10 year old grand daughter to explain it.Bought the Galaxy Duos (2 SIM cards) a little over a month now and I like it, not too big. Dual SIM works great and easy to maneuver...only a few hitches: (1) Wouldnt read my SD card initially and I still cant find how to locate my pictures on the card. (2) More apps you download the longer the phone takes to process taps and auto rotate. One app actually stopped my camera from operating and I uninstalled it and it worked fine. I installed a flashlight app and that too I had to be uninstalled. Pros: Great sound, picture quality, WIFI no prob. Still discovering as I go along.It is good device. Very elegant, attracts attention wherever you go. Unfortunately only applications and can only be installed in phone memory. The memory card is for files onlythe screen rotation , does not work. and is not working in 3G.i order two of this item. but iam living over seas. very expencive to retorn. very disappointedThis phone is quite good but after continued use it will start to sound distorted. overall good buy,not great buy.It's up to expectation. A good product although I'm sensing some minor problems. I will recommend it anytime, anywhere and to anyone. Thanks for the quality.I can't get on the internet so none of the apps work, and it took a tech 2 1/2 hours just to get my phone and text working. So I really can't tell you how the phone is. Can't use most of it???great phone from samsung ...i love the speed, the style and the price....takes great pictures even in low light conditions.works great, no issues 1 att sim 1 t-mobile data sim better than knock off brands, samsung quality, not an s3 but dual sim is what i neededOnly 1.78G when I check in device storage, but the spec indicates 4G. It's not good even it does't impact the basic feature.was expected as I have friends who recommended it to me and is my first phone with android technology and basically buy it have dual sim CardThis phone is slow and only good on 3G. Great gift if only making phone calls. Delivered ontime and accepted T-Mobile right out off the box.I Receive on time arrive without seal, but it works fine. Works with Telcel and Movistar For the prices is enough for Android App sometimes got slow processing, but just restarting solve problemAt first it was fine, but I've had a few problems in the past 2 or 3 weeks. 1) I use the speaker phone a lot. It never was the clearest, but was tolerable. Now, it makes crackling noises, sometimes the screen shows the speaker is on, but it's not, and if I lay don't hold it at the perfect angle there is a squealing feedback sound. It's awful! 2) My screen has indicated one missed call for 3 weeks now. I have cleared the calls, restarted the phone, and even took out the battery hoping it would reset. It won't. 3) Since my speaker isn't working, I pulled out my little ear buds for the first time. The cord on one side is about 4 inches long, and the cord on the other side is about 18 inches long! It's crazy! And uncomfortable. 4) On several recent occasions, I have attempted to call or text someone by choosing them from my call or text history, only to have a different person pop up as the recipient! No, I don't want to send my husband's flirty love note to my mother! From what I understand, I'm out of luck on returning the phone. :(Work good in compare to the low prince payed. The cell it`s a little slow in multiprocess and the front camera it is not that good.This is an amazing phone I does almost everything... buy this phone if you want a dual sim mid range galaxy it's really good (buy from Wireless Everything!!! good seller)Must say m impressed with this phone as its upto my expectation and l2d2 did it very well with shipping right on time and utmost care..Would surely recommend the store to friends ;) love u both l2d2 and amazon! propzIt's a great product for the price it is offered. It's not the fastest mobile on the market and sometimes it becomes impossible to deal with it (very slow). But if you are using it only for checking email, social network it is ok.Got delivered the day before the actual delivery date posted :) Love the Phone! It's so cool! I love how tiny it is! It fits perfectly in my pocket! I wish I'd gotten this phone earlier! I'm IN LOVE!All that one can expect from a smart phone, great Capacitya, perfect design, easy to handle and ability to connect to the wifi network. The only problem is that the battery does not charge to 100% and heated to connectarla. What else was excellent. thanksIt looks fairly good and has all important functionality apps. The ability to work with two SIM cards was important for me and the performance reached the expectations.cant say much other that this is exactly what i needed. I phone with all the capabilites of android devices now in the market and with the dual chip capabilities. Perfect.I guess I haven't used it, I'm deployed and don't plan to use it until I return back to Italy.Item was as described. New,in unopened box(in original box), working great. Shipped soon. Phon working great. Price good for this price,recommended +++++++The product is good, If you need to use 2 Chip. Although, the processor is not so fast. Take your choose.It's smartphone has enough memory to install aplications and its menu is very intuitive... it was delivers on time and works perfectly.excellent phone, very good deal for the price. I recommend it.has very good features and a very acceptable speed. coolLow price, excellent phone. It exceeded my expectations. It have installed the latest operating system Android. Very good internet connectionOne of the best dual SIM smart phone. I strongly recommend this Dual SIM Smartphone to people that requires two SIM in just one plhone.I read so many complaints about this product, I was not convinced at all about the purchase. I wanted to risk anyway, and I'm very happy about it. The phone is working perfectly, and I don't have any of the problems that other user have had. 5 stars.I've had the phone for a month now and so far no problems. I like the set up and it works great with both chips. Battery life can be optimized a bit but overall very nice phone.Its a nice cell phone but I expected more. Its nice, not so fast, but a nice camera, flash, display, android system, anyway, its cool.good day, but a comment a question, what kind of band com works this SmartPhones. desire to buy one from Venezuela and here the bands are punctual, cordial greetings.The cell phone came really quick and the quality of it was great (new) as promissed.. nice cell phone with dual chip.son muy responsable con la entrega del producto asi que lo recomiendo para que le compre todos lo que vende ello gracias por todoI got it for my wife as a surprise gift. She is enjoying it done anything she's ever got. I think it is a good product so far.I love it, it is small usefull, and both sims work perfectly. Very nice. I think is the best bought I could do.This phone has a network lock for Costa Rica, as the model I think is pretty good and functional Este tel&eacute;fono tiene un bloqueo de red para Costa Rica, en cuanto al modelo me parece que es bastante bueno y funcional,Excelent product, i Like very much is been very usefull I have no way to compare with other products It is very goodThis phone is always freezing up. It started working good and then all of a sudden it start to freeze up. I have expreience it about five times since I have the phone.satisfeit&iacute;ssimo!!! muito bom, perfeita interao. experincia mais que satisfat&oacute;ria na entrega, noa qualidade dos produtos e nos prazos e preos. obrigadoI like this phone, the dual sim feature is very good I have no need for two phones now. The one thing I don't like about the phone is the keyboard, its very small sometimes I end up using the wrong key......... I tried using a stylus but no luck. Apart from that its a nice phone with a decent camera.Loving my cellphone, now i'm an android fan... i used to have a blackberry but this is another thing! Amazing!good phone to use and is good features user friendly nice looks easy to hold in hand is easy and to bigThe device is nice, beautiful and it works as it is. I still didn't get in touch with Samsung for a single question about this device. When using the headset the ring does not sound on the earphones but on device. All other devices I had I used the earphones to avoid noise on device, and this one works completely different.. Configuration? Error of the device? No idea!! But this is not cool!!As soon it arrived got my 2 sim cards into the device and start working smooth, no problems what so ever, so bu it if you need to have 2 active/active sim cards.It is a phone with a high cost - value. Ideal for staying connected with 2 lines. The only quibble is that it has option to schedule automated on-offThe Samsung GT-S7562L Galaxy S Duos is a very good dual chip smartphone. It has fulfilled my expectations. I recommend it!Hi, can anybody tell me if this phone comes unlocked? I just need that info in order to get mine!!!Excellent cell phone for the price but the battery could be better. Android 4 is a good OS and can do all that you need.I was debating whether or not to go with the iPhone since I already have an iPad or try the Android system. Obviously, I decided on the Android. I haven't seen any major differences, but I'm also not a technology nerd. I mostly just use my phone for calls, whatsapp, calendar, and email. The one thing I do notice is that it's sometimes a little slow (compared to my iPad) when opening and closing applications. Facebook is pretty crappy, but I don't know if that's because of the connection or the phone. Being that it's a dual SIM is beneficial to me since I have a business phone as well. I value you that much more than being able to look at fb. The one problem I had when I received it was that it was set in Chinese. Since it was my first smartphone, I had no idea how to change the language. Just turning on the phone to put my PIN number in... I didn't know where the confirm button was! Luckily, I had bought a Samsung for my husband, so using his, I could figure out how to change the language. I'm not too impressed with the camera either, but like I said... I don't use my phone for things other than forms of communication and organization. Hope that helps!Excellent, fast and safe, arrived in perfect condition and it was said in the release. With all accessories. I thought inluir&iacute;a a CD and a manual fullest. But the phone is fantastic.es muy bueno cumple necesitaba un nuevo celular y este es el mejor tiene la capacidad de colocarle 2 lineasDont Fall for the Smartphone market tactics ..You guys have gone blind. These smartphones are not at all useful . 
What will you do after you buy this phone ? You're gonna play for a week with its awesome features,try some games etc etc. 
 
And soon samsung releases a Galaxy S4 which will be even more awesome than this phone. 
And soon,apple,nokia and they keep coming and you will feel this phone will suck. And these processors will stop working in a few months. They even lag. 
 
So,go for a phone which is around 10-15k which never change. You will be satisfied . 
 
36K for a mobile ? Are you kidding me ? Seriously you can buy a Bike or a car in EMI. 
 
You can buy a HD tv , AC . 
And more useful,the money you put in here will be enough for your college fee for an year. 
 
And if you have more money and you dont know what to do,donate them somewhere else. But dont buy these phones .Useful Interesting Features of Galaxy Note 2, rather than the common features.First to mention, before buying this Beast: Galaxy Note 2, i had read a lot of reviews here in Flipkart on this mobile, but Max of them were on the common features that almost everyone knows from like the: 
 
-5.5 screen 
-Quad-Core 
-2GB RAM 
-Super AMOLED capacitive Touchscreen 
-16GB Internal 
-64GB External Expandable 
-Camera: 8MP(Main), 1.9(Front) 
-NFC 
-OS: Android Jelly Bean 
-GPU: Mail-400MP 
-Stylus Pen 
 
Yes, i agree, these are the Excellent Features which other phones cannot compete easily, 
BUT, there are loads of other interesting stuffs that any TECH SAVY person will like a lot!!! 
 
After buying this Galaxy Note 2 last week, i had been trying to figure out the extra features that this beast offers in excess to the mentioned above ones. 
Some of them are as follows: 
 
-First of all, the most attractive feature that i really liked was the Motion Sensor Capabilities that this beast is offering. 
Let me note down some of them as tested by me: 
 
1) To unlock the device with motion, tap and hold a point on the screen, and then tilt the device forwards. 
2) When you pick up the device after it has been idle for some time or when the screen has turned off, it vibrates if you have missed calls or new messages. 
3) While viewing a call, a message, or contact details on the phone screen, simply pick up and hold the device to your ear to make a call to that number. 
4) Tap and hold an item on the screen, and then move the device to the left or right to move the item to another panel on the Home screen or the Applications screen in that direction. 
5) When an image is zoomed in, tap and hold a point on the screen, and then move the device in any direction to browse the image. 
6) While you are cheking mails or contacts in a page and you reach the middle or the last of the list, simply Double-tap the device to move to the top of a list of contacts or emails. 
7) While the screen is locked, tap and hold the screen, and then rotate the device to landscape orientation to launch the camera. 
8) Turn over the device(making it lie down with back-side up) to mute ringtone, pause media playback, or mute the FM radio. 
9) Shake the device to search for Bluetooth devices. 
10) Shake the device to update the list of emails or information from Yahoo News, Yahoo Finance etc. 
11) Sweep your hand sideways across the screen from right to left to capture a screenshot. 
12) Cover the screen with a palm to pause media playback. Move it away from the screen to resume. 
13) Tap and hold two points on the screen, and then tilt the device back and forth to zoom in or out. 
14) When the touch screen is turned off, move your hand across the Proximity/Light sensor to 
turn on the screen lightly and view the number of missed calls and new messages, the battery 
power level, and more. 
 
The above are the special features that this phone provides in respect to various motions. 
 
- Secondly, like the Galaxy S3, it has the Smart Stay, which enables the phone to keep the screen on as long as you are looking at it. 
When you close your eyes or move away from looking into the screen, the Phone screen will automatically turn off. 
 
- Thirdly, with the Quad-core processor and 2GB RAM, Gamers will really love this phone since some VERY HIGH RESOLUTION GAMES are just running with not a single point of lag in this phone. 
 
- Fourthly, You would luv to watch videos in this phone due to itz big screen and the very good quality videos running smoothly. 
 
- Fifthly, Music quality is really very good and descent. Radio works perfect. 
 
- Sixthly, SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) Level is relatively low(The lower the Better) for the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 in comparision to other phones: 
 
Galaxy Note 2: 0.171 W/kg 
Galaxy Note: 0.39 W/kg 
Galaxy S3:  0.342 W/kg 
Galaxy S2:  0.338 W/kg 
iPhone 4S:  0.98 W/kg 
iPhone 5:  0.951 W/kg 
HTC One X:  0.909 W/kg 
 
Apart from the above mentioned features: 
- I have not tested with the camera yet since i already have a Digital Camera. 
But as read from reviews, the camera is quite good in its capabilities, with 1.9 front camera is just great. 
 
- Also not tested with the full capability of the Stylus Pen, since it has loads of functionalities that has to be checked in details :-) 
 
So simply after examining withlots of such exciting features, it simply stands out tall in the market.Fan'tab'ulous Beast !!!.hey guys,i got my beauty 2 days back &amp; believe me i am totally in love with this gorgeous. I was tracking this gadget from the day Samsung announced it in IFA Berlin and watched almost all the reviews, hands-on and unboxing videos on Youtube till date. I am not gonna discuss bout the specs and features but would like to talk on the experience with this phone. I am a tech crazy and would put show off on a second place over the actual things i am going to get after investing hard earned money into the technology. If i am throwing more than 35K, i would try to get maximum out of it and believe many of us want the same as well. 
      First of all please do not compare this device with iPhone 5 as its incomparable. Samsung is on a different path with the performance &amp; features they have included in the phone rather than creating a rival for each and every feature present in iPhone. If you are an existing iPhone user, u'll find a totally different &amp; amazing environment with the openness the Jelly Bean offers to you. The sharpness in the display is tooooo good. Despite of having less ppi you would be able to experience a crisp &amp; stunning display as they have used RGB matrix instead of Pentile in the Note I. 
      The presence of mind Samsung has shown while creating this thing is mind blowing. Each and everything is been done considering how the user is going to face the problem. Despite of big screen its still manageable with one hand. The one handed operations like typing text, using number pad, calculator is very convenient. Other than this i am very much impressed with the voice command all over whether its talking with Google, unlock the screen, playing pause volume up down the song, off the alarm, using the camera...everything will reach above your expectations. Google maps are up to date and incredible. 
       So all and all its a giant surprise package which will reveal when you yourself will use it. Believe me if you have not used this phone, you don't know what actually the technology is. If you are serious about the thing you are looking for &amp; want the worth of the money you are paying....go get it. 
       Let me do a favor by telling this to you that if you can not resist and want to have one very soon before Diwali, do not purchase it from a big showroom or any big mobile store. Instead go to any small retail shop and ask one from them. The reason is some of the retail sellers have direct contact with the distributors and they sell it on very less profit margins. I got it from one of them and encountered the difference of flat 2000k which is a huge amount for me. This money you can invest is buying some good accessories. Hope this review was helpful for you. Thanks and kip smiling :-)A very good phone, but its too big..I bought the phone today but not from flipkart. Got it at Rs 2000 less than for what it is being sold here right now. The phone is very big, that is the first impression I got. 
First the average things about the phone: 
The screen is good, but its like any other flagship phone. Personally i like the screen of my HTC one x a little better. Camera is average for 8 mp,similar to the hox/sgs2. Its made of glossy plastic, i got the metallic grey one. Its a finger print magnet. 
The good things: 
It is very very fast, faster than the HTC one x by a fair margin. The s-pen has some cool features, some useful some gimmicky, i dont know if i will be using all them but they are cool to showoff to people. The s-pen is a lot better than the one on the note 1. Used both personally. The difference is there. the screen is big and good for watching movies, its not of the pentile variety, but its not the regular rgbg matrix too. The battery is huge and while i have not had the time to test the phone, it should give good battery life. 
The bad: 
there is nothing bad as such about the phone. its size might be one point here, but people with smaller hands should not consider buying this. Glossy plastic might not get too many fans either.A day with Galaxy Note II !.You must be knowing all the specifications or yu can check in other reviews or google them..as its a review section i would like to review my experience... 
i bought it on 13th october's afternoon..at rs.37,200 (so not from flipkart)..!! 
See the phone is no doubt fascinating and yu feel good holding it..and the fact is it is really one good phone..its fast ..hd display..colours are better than earlier samsung phones..and almost every feature yu r looking for..its like the mountain top of phones today..there cant be more things which can be bundled into it.. 
The only drawback which i felt and everyone around me mentioned was its ENORMOUS SIZE!! its really big and it weighs 183 gms..its not for a girls hand ..or men with small hands.. 
its slim but not comfortable to hold for long..like i was keeping the phone down after around 5 mins..its like yu r holding a ceramic tile .. 
thirdly talking about the s pen or the stylus its a good add on..as an eg..if yu r talking to some one and need to note down something so as soon yu take out ur stylus ..a note pad pops up..where yu can put down notes.. 
Fourthly it uses a micro sim so buying from such websites is a viable option only if yu have a micro sim already or can get it punched around ur place.. 
Finally..talking about the basis of my review .. i previously owned an xperia arc..of my three close friends one owns an htc one x and another s3 and last one the galaxy s2..if yu can hold around 200 gms of weight and make calls then theres nothing like it..else go for s3 or htc one x.or even s2...they r equally good options ..i just deduct a star for its size and weight..Great Phablet - Most Elegant Phone ever.Finally a product to look forward, meeting both Business &amp; Creative needs. 
Well if you can afford anything, this is the only Phone you need to buy. 
 
Pros: 
1] 5.5 Inch (Huge) Super HD AMOLED Screen. 
2] Ergonomical design to be handled easily (you can use this phone even with 1 hand) 
3] S Pen - and it functionalities - ( there are so many shortcuts to number of functionalities, you won't need Home, Back buttons) 
4] Smooth - Operations 
5] Whopping 2GB of RAM &amp; 16GB inbuilt memory ( you can use 10.75 GB only out of this, but no issues). 
6] 3100 mAh Battery - it works almost 1.5 days for me. 
7] Great, rather I would say enhanced functionalities than SIII (in it own domain) 
8] Best for Business purpose as well as entertainment, Multifunctional usage (this Firmware Upgrade is not confirmed yet). 
9] Great Camera Quality &amp; functionalities. 
10] Finally, Great user experience. 
 
Cons: 
1] This Phone needs a MICRO-SIM, beware of having it beforehand. 
2] Price range. 
3] Need to have a Cover and Screen guard immediately - you don't want to have scratches on your Note II's Screen right ? 
3] Accessories are not out in market yet. (not everywhere) 
 
Overall I would say this is the best phone ever. 
 
Great features, great functionalities. 
 
Worth the Price Tag. 
 
Go for it! You will never regret it.This is Amazing+.Phone is Fantabulous,loads of features,added advantage S Pen it just doesn't remain stylus..this one is intelligent ! Future proof? obviously it is ! 
 
I am waiting for the price drop...hope flipkart does some favour !i cant believe it,samsung does it again......:).first flipkart is really awesome and i got my product in 3 days.... 
now this phone - 
 
key features is available in description here is my review after using it .... 
 
This is one hell of a gadget,its the best available android phone in market right now.. 
Screen - The screen is amazing. Even with less pixels and a bigger screen,the sharpness is much higher.Its just so eye popping to look at every time you look at the Raw HD screen of the Galaxy Note II. Its hard to look away for even a moment. And Guess what? Its NOT PEN-TILE!It Decodes DVIX and Xvid movies so watching on this screen is a blast with HD... 
 
Battery - as well as desc. The device is run on a mammoth 3100 mAh Li-Ion battery for optimum battery life.its lasted me for around for 20 hours after hard use like playing hd games,internet browsing,playing some hd videos wid full brightness on... 
 
Design and feel - Yes its a big phone/tablet but really it feels nice in the hand. I know the device is plastic but it some how have a premium feel to it. It is very uncanny but its beautiful and looks better then the white version IMO(i have a grey one).people who see my phone they said its very beutiful phone,big one but very nice. 
 
S pen - This S Pen feels quite better. It's bigger and more comfortable to hold and much more precise/pressure sensitive. It will allow you to do a whole load of new things. Quick pen gestures are great. You draw a custom figure to trigger one action (toggle wifi or bluetooth, look up something in the web, call/text). Taking memos, partial screenshots, scribbling has all become more enjoyable and accurate. 
 
Camera - Takes great pictures up to 8 MP and the best I've ever seen on a samsung mobile device, the pictures are just so colorful. The pictures snaps fast and I love it, if you hold the camera button down it snaps up to 20 photos in a second (?) and it has Panorama which I enjoy using. 
 
other things - it has 1.6 GHz Quad Core Cortex-A9 Processor and 2 gb ram so it is much much faster then any other android phone right now,it comes wid jelly bean which is smoothest and very good looking android version yet so hardware and software makes this phone incredible.Its a limited amount of apps on the left side of the screen that you can use multi-view with but here is the list: 
 
Chrome (Once installed) 
ChatOn 
Email 
Gallery 
Gmail 
Internet 
Maps 
SNote 
Messaging 
You-Tube 
Video Player 
Google Talk 
 
and now cons - its have some cons like currently - 
there is no any app in google play for this phone to move application and appdata to external sd card coz samsung change his data manage system on galaxy s3 and note 2,so 16 gb version is not fulfill my req. coz only 11 gb out of 16 gb avail. for use on this phone and big hd games takes up to 1 gb of space...only 1 way to move apps to sd card in currently is rooting this phone but it will ruin its warranty......so wait for a new app 
 
It would be great if ALL apps could run under multi-windows mode bcoz several apps is currently we use in multi window feature. 
 
At last I love this phone and to be honest with you I don't see myself using another phone for a very long time.It's an awesome phone.As long as having to use two hands sometimes doesn't bother you, get it. 
grab it asap....To Buy or not to Buy- thats the question? See if the phone suits YOU.Many will give you paragraphs of review and pages of techincal comparison data. 
Here are some simple things about this proposal for purchase: 
 
Behavioural: 
 
1) If you are someone earning less than 75k a month (post tax), then you will end up regretting spending money on a small device (forget capabilities), sooner or later on. I don't fall in this category. 
2) If you are a female, it'll slip from your hands often (no offense, you got smaller hands). I'm a male. 
3) If you are in the habit of taking out your phone while travelling on bike, please resist buying - it can't take a 4 foot fall on tarmac. 
4) If you are past 40, get a blackberry or iphone- this is meant for younger ones who can explore the apps world (Im 29). 
5) You cannot go back to smaller screens once you get used to this - it sucks using smaller phones after you use this beast. 
 
Usage:Buy this phone if you are in the habit of, with your existing phone, and you would be sure of continuing the following activities even after 2 months of purchase: 
 
1) Watching 1080 movies while travelling 
2) Love outdoor photography, and is aware of the fact that all mobile phones suck when it comes to indoor pictures. 
3) Use phone extensively for music 
4) Install high capacity (&gt;2GB) games like NFS 
5) Use viber and whatsapp very frequently 
6) Sync google+, gmail etc 
7) Find excitement in getting new apps and trying them out 
8) Last but not the least, want people to look at you when you hold this in your palm 
 
Let me tell you my experience: I do all the activities above: the phones great because 
 
1) Excellent, if not the best display in the industry 
2) Good connectivity (call &amp; 3G) at all times 
3) Great battery 
4) Stylus is amazing, though I didn't detail it above. 
 
To spend or not is your call: the industry is in growth phaze, new features will get added and prices will keep dropping....But you can't wait to get the perfect girl when you are 60, Right?Fantastic Buy.You dont have to think twice about buying this product. Its the fastest and the most powerful phone in the market right now with a fantastic battery for an android device. The only thing one needs to decide is if you want a phone of this size. For me the bigger the better.The perfect size for EVERYTHING.The one thing a lot of people have against Samsung's Note series is its massive size. So lets just deal with that first and get it over with. 
 
Yes, the Note 2 is pretty huge by conventional smartphone standards. It fits in most pockets, but not without its presence being felt. If you aren't comfortable with that, then seriously don't waste anymore time on this page. 
 
Now, coming to the good part of the Note 2: 
 
* The massive screen with its pleasant 720p resolution makes this an excellent portable movie watcher - don't forget its any-format and any-codec support. 
 
* Typing portrait on the Note 2 is truly for the first time in touch phone history a boon. The large screen allows for a comfortable keyboard. 
 
* The monstrous 3100 mAh battery will easily last you a day even with heavy usage - and frankly, isn't that the most we expect from today's smartphones? 
 
* Again, owing to the screen - web browsing is super fun. 
 
* Samsung's customizations run pretty deep in the UI - Nature UX is pleasantly more mature than anime-ish TouchWiz UI. 
 
In conclusion, if you're looking for a tablet-ish experience with a phone-ish portability, this lovechild of those two is your next gadget!Very good phone.My primary requirement was a big screen phone, screen size just enough, about 5.8 inches. To me that is the perfect size for a Phablet. At 5.5 inch this is a slight compromise, but I'll survive. I know there is a 5.9 inch Note 3 coming, but I can't wait that long. 
Note 2 is a very good phone for people who have a requirement of a Phablet. 
Pros: Good screen, good camera, stylus, high speed processor, great battery life, very competitive pricing 
Cons: Poor build quality. Wonder when will Samsung get it right. I am okay to pay a couple of grands more if you get a better build quality. 
 
Dear Reva R, 
Yours was an interesting reivew. This phone is not for everybody. Its for people on the go. For executives, who have a packed day or for people who travel a lot. Its a productivity device, its an entertainment device, its a navigation device, its a life event capturing device, its a note taking device. 
You say you could buy a HD TV at 36k. You are okay to spend that much on a HD TV but not on a HD mobile. Its like saying that for everybody HDTV is more important than mobile. I am sorry but thats not true. To me, I rarely get to watch TV. 
 
A big screen smartphone, was my requirement and at this moment this one is the best available at this price. 
 
Thanks, RohanDon't let Steve Jobs decide what the right form factor is for you..I am sure you are reading this review as you are trying to make up your mind if this phone is right for you - just like I was a few weeks back.. The main question that was keeping me from going ahead a making a purchase despite the fact that its got the best all around specs compares to any other model available at this time was - Is it too big? Anyway, I made the choice to go with it and ordered from flipkart at the price lowest compared to other B&amp;M stores. I could tell you how awesome its screen is, or the fact that I watched two movies on it spending less than 50% battery, or any of the other details that you already know about or can find in other reviews/specifications. All I can say is that after using it for a couple of weeks - I don't think I can go back to smaller screens anymore. I am sure you'll be happy with this purchase - so just go ahead. Yes, Its Big! but you'd never go back to tiny screens after using this baby.Hahaha Who is comparing Iphone 5 with Note (Beast) 2.@DC : Dude I am just laughing at your comment over Note 2 and Iphone. Posh, Sophistcated! Hahaha! Iphone 5 doesnt even recognize Indian accent. Check videos available out on internet! And you say it is the best! Note 2 with Awesomely upgraded S voice is the best with many other great features! Spending 40k+ for iphone jus for posh looks and calls and messages....Dont you think you are the most stupid fellow on earth! Its better you buy some 1k phone and do all these stuff.! 
 
Note 2 just rocks! It is 1 generation ahead than any other phone in smartphones marketGood phone BUT waste samsung service.I purchased this phone from local market after exchange, worked so smooth for next 12 days, and suddenly morning of 13th day, its hardware buttons suddenly stopped working, i went to service center and they had a standard reply &quot;water logging&quot; problem, and i have to pay them 16000 (half the cost) for a repair set, i plainly declined. 
Now i did a research on my own and found there is a blue square beneath battery just near the charging points, it that turns RED then it is water problem, otherwise it is not. 
When i reported this to samsung CEO by mail, i was asked to submit set at very far from home, nehru place, and they will take care of this problem. 
But they again said the same story (pay half ) But why should anyone pay for their manufacturing defects, so i declined. 
Now i have submitted my consumer court pre notification letter and they now are calling me for 50% discounts. Now where is their company policy, as i am asking them to pay inconvenience charges of 25 thousand, now they know what it is to pay extra payment for so expensive phones and so they calling me now after so much time the harassed me. 
But in the end i am going to court and will post what happened in the end. 
 
This was just a small description of how these Samsung Service people harass you and are no better than Lava, Micromax, if we talk bad for their services.wow all best selling smartphones price increased by 10%.Hi Flipkart, you are offering a very great offer by giving 10% off on Standard Chartered credit card after increasing the price of best selling smartphones like samsung galaxy s3, note 2, xperia z... im about to buy note 2 and galaxy s3 by using stan chart credit card, but after this im goin to stop purchasing any thing from FLIPKART... dont cheat us.. stop this gimmick... GUD BYE!!! 
 
5 star for NOTE II... Actual price is 27,500... he he... dnt play FLIPKART....Amazingly Unbelievable.I have been using this phone since past week and let me admit that the experience has been unbelievable. It is one hell of a dream gadget to own. I will not go into technical specifications as it is already there on many sites and will directly focus on user experience. Let's talk about it's size. For some it might be too big but it's 5.5&quot; Super Amoled Screen is it's USP. Display is crystal clear and viewing web pages, images and watching movies is a flawless experience. Jelly Bean makes the phone super slick, fast and there is almost no visible lag. Transition of pages is buttery smooth. Syncing of accounts is as easy as it can get, hassle free. Quality of music in earphone is awesome but for that you need to get a good quality headphone. Sound output in loudspeaker is loud and clear. Images captured by the camera is beautiful with plethora of settings and customization options.It is at par with the best out there in the market. You will hardly need your digi cam. Video Recording is equally good. Wi Fi, Blue Tooth, 3G are all amazingly fast. Chrome browser is a treat to use. I have hardly opened my laptop ever since I bought my Note II. S pen has handy productivity features and makes life quite easy. Taking notes, drawing sketches are fun. And what about battery back up? With a 5.5 &quot; super Amoled Screen you would expect battery to die soon. But surprise!!! Battery back up is mammoth. With single charge phone easily lasted for 18-20 hours while wi fi ws continuously on watching youTube, browsing net, checking mails, listening music. I don't think any phone currently in the market have such a huge battery back up. Galaxy Note II is a pure charm to use. Though it has a few cons but those are virtually negligible.You can't go wrong with this one, even today..I bought this phone about 7 months ago. I waited so long before I writing this review to make sure that no one is mislead by me. 
 
1. First question that will come to your mind is- 'Is it outdated' 
My answer is, no. Smartphone market has almost reached a saturation point where there is no further need for better configuration or displays or other features. It runs a quad core A9 processor which is sufficiently fast, has lots of RAM (2 GB) and a HD 720p display. However GPU is in fact outdated but you can still play all the games currently available. 
 
2. Some people say that most Android phones cause problems after about 6 months of usage like lags, freezes, shut downs or sluggishness. 
It's partially true. Depends on how you handle your device. I have not expected any random shutdowns in 200+ days of usage. It froze two or three times but that was due to applications and not the device itself. It slows down sometimes under heavy usage when I'm about to run out of memory but that happens rarely. 
 
Now we get to my experience with the device. 
 
1. Performance- The quad core processor does its job beautifully. Everything is way faster than my previous device. (Sony Xperia Ray) Browsing the web, zooming in or out, using maps, playing games, switching applications everything is lag free. When I compared Asphalt 8 running in my device to a Canvas 4 which is relatively newer device, it was running much smoother. 
 
2. Multitasking- This phone was built for multitasking. It has got 2 GB of RAM out of which you get about 1.75 GB. It is just about impossible to run out of memory unless you try hard to test its capabilities. 45 applications are always open and I opened 35 more that's total of 80 before I reached 90%. of total memory. 
Also, you get multi-window and pop-up play which can be useful at time. 
 
3. Display, browsing, videos- There is no pixelation and screen looks beautiful even at minimum brightness. It has got deep blacks and saturated colors which I personally prefer. 
Web browsing experience is just awesome. Page rendering is too good and everything like scrolling, zooming, switching tabs is smooth. You can switch to desktop mode to view a fully functional desktop site. If you browse web a lot or read ebooks, this device is perfect for you. Text is sharp and there is high contrast. 
Sunlight legibility is good but the display is a bit reflective. Viewing angles are great too. 
Video player supports every codec and you don't need MX player to do the job. 
 
4. Camera and battery life- Both front and rear cameras have great quality. I was surprised by the front camera, to tell the truth. I am not saying it's the best, but definitely a good one. Video recording is phenomenal and there are bunch of features and modes which I am not interested in but you might be. 
It has a chunky 3100 mAh battery which lasts two days on moderate usage while others struggle through the day. Here is a sample heavy usage pattern on a sunday- 
Unplugged at 11 AM, 100% 
Browsing and whatsapp, down to 80% by 3 PM. 
Playing moderate and heavy games in the evening. Down to 63% by 6 PM 
Texting, chatting and browsing, using S-Note, listening to music and calls at night and it's 15% by 3 AM the next day. 
Finally gave up around 1 PM the next day with screen-on time of 7 hours 15 minutes which is awesome compared to most device which give 4.5 to 5 hours. 
This is after 7 months of usage which must have affected the battery! 
 
5. Android 4.3- It runs 4.3 buttery smooth after bug fixes (which Samsung released soon enough) which shows how capable this device is. We will get 4.4 in April 2014 according to Samsung. 
 
What do you usually look for- Battery, camera, performance, looks, display, user experience. It has got it all, that too for a reasonable price of about 27-28k while current flagships are selling at 10k more, which is a lot. 
 
Downsides- 
1. No built in flash support although you can run youtube videos right in the webpage which is cool.. 
2. Can be difficult to handle sometimes but most of the times, it's fine. Fits in my almost every pocket even front pocket of my jacket. 
3. Weighs 183 grams. Most weight is due to the huge battery. 
 
4. Might not be able to run games that will be released after a year or so, smoothly. Still better than 80% of the devices. 
5. Takes about 120-150 mins to charge, but if you want great battery life, you gotta compromise. 
Verdict- 
You get all that is mentioned above plus the S pen. All features like NFC, USB On The Go which allows you to use a fully functional mouse or pen drive, S features, motion features, voice commands and so on. They are just toppings on what others give at same price. 
If you are a casual user who uses the web a lot or likes watching movies and videos, playing games, reading etc. and battery life is primary importance, this is the device for you. 
I wanted something between phones and tablets, so I went with this one and I am one hundred percent satisfied. I don't regret it one bit.Project Butter on the Note 2 - Delicious ....Just received this masterpiece yesterday. I do not want to retype the specs as most of you are already aware of it. ICS and JB were not new to me since I was using a Galaxy S prior to this and had played around with a lot of custom ICS ROMs. 
Before placing the order, I was very skeptical to get it as many told me about its humongous size. IMO, size is only relative. If you have been using phones with 3.5-4&quot; displays you will definitely find it huge. But, the size is justified with the power it packs under the hood and the monster battery that it holds. Believe me, my hands are not big and I was able to use it one handed to make calls. For everything else, you need two hands of course. I was able to fit this into my jeans pocket (without it protruding out) and ride my bike without having to worry about whats in my pocket. 
I was earlier thinking of going in for the GS3, but trust me you will never regret owning this one for a couple of thousand bucks more. 
Samsung has hit a masterstroke on this one, quietly though and it scores in every department. Thanks to the 3100mah battery, it has lasted me 23 hours (and still going) though I have completely abused it watching videos, surfing, downloading apps, exploring the S-Pen etc. 
When you buy this, ensure you buy the original flip cover as well. Trust me, this is good and protects the Note 2. 
There are however two disadvantages having this monster, one you will lose sleep big time and two, your wife will not like it for the attention it gets. 
Lastly, the service by flipkart is truly commendable. Ordered on Tuesday late night and received it thursday noon and packaging was flawless as usual.Note-2, A Mobile CUM PAD..first of all. i am going to make my point straight forward that I am not comparing this with any other phone like apple's iphone.but as an apple user and fan boy,i will figure out some points. 
both phones have their own features and class. 
but if you are a tech savvy who likes to play with technical stuff,i will highly recommend note 2. 
after using 4s for almost 11 months,today i switched to note 2. 
apple's software was becoming a piece of crap day by day. 
 
specifications: 
A powerful quad core processor clocked at 1.6 ghz. 
 
2 GB of ram,heavy apps are nomore an issue. 
 
super amoled hd screen for crispy and sharp resolution. 
 
8 megapixel camera, its just an above average camera.i clicked a few pictures and believe me,it was just average like 4s.shutter speed is also fast.nothing fascinating but front camera is 1.9 mp which is impressive. 
 
jelly bean os is smooth,doesn't lag,though fb app sucks on android,hoping for an update soon. 
 
battery back up is also very good. 
 
i like to play with S-pen :D 
 
jelly bean has everything i was looking for, a blocklist, antispam for sms, a better task switcher, and no more itunes. 
and UI is awesome. 
 
playing games is fun as well. 
 
the only issue with this mobile is. it isn't very mobile(if u know what i mean). its a little hard to carry around,listening calls while driving isn't easy(can be sorted out with Bluetooth headset),cant operate with one hand(not really a big issue tbh because of larger screen,its totally worth it). 
 
overall review. 
I liked it. 
 
thumbs up if this review helps.Great mobile device...so far so good :).I bought this product on 2nd Feb 2013, and I'm writing this review based only on my personal experience of 1 week of usage, and NOT based on its specifications on paper. 
 
First up, the thing that immediately caught my attention was, how beautiful the display is - its absolutely gorgeous! Full HD videos &amp; high def images look great on it! 
 
The camera is also really good. I mean, I'm not comparing it with anything (read, iPhone 5, lumia 920, etc); all I'm saying is, one can't be disappointed with the Note 2 for its camera. Besides, I found that low light photos are also very good (again, not comparing with anything); they are more than satisfactorily detailed enough, for me at least - much, much better than the 5 MP shooter on my previous phone (Motorola Defy). 
 
The phone has no lag. Be it browsing, gaming, or simply doing the basic functions - none of them showed any sign of lag. 
 
AN IMPORTANT POINT TO NOTE HERE: A friend of mine has a Galaxy SIII, and after he installed the Jelly Bean update 4.1.1, his phone was laggy. I mean, he complained about it all the time, and I checked that out personally - that phone just lagged in just about anything, sometimes less, sometimes for longer durations. When you held it in your hand, it didn't appear that this phone has a quad core CPU inside! In fact, he told me that he restarts the phone every morning, coz otherwise the laggyness becomes just too much to bare. I simply couldn't understand it - I mean, after all, Jelly Bean is supposed to abolish lag, isn't it? At least, that's what the tech gurus say. Now, one fine day, he call me up &amp; tells me, all excited, that he got the Jelly Bean 4.1.2 update on his phone that day, and he installed it, and the lag has just vanished! He says he doesn't restart his phone anymore. 
 
My Note 2 came installed with Jelly Bean 4.1.2 out of the box. But, if anybody is facing issues with the Note 2 (or, with the Galaxy S3 also, for that matter), do check if your phone is running 4.1.1 or 4.1.2 - apparently, it makes a huge difference (it did with my friend at least). 
 
Lastly, I'm gonna say to people considering this phone, or people who are confused with what phone to buy if they have a budget upwards of 30k, see what your priorities are. The questions you've got to ask yourself are, do I need a big phone (and thereby a big screen) that allows me to browse pages without zooming in (most of the time), or do I need a more pocketable phone? Do I need a device which gives flawless performance &amp; added functionalities over other phones (read, S Pen), or do I need a lighter phone which is more suited for one hand operation? There are lots of other questions you can form, but I'm sure you get the idea. I knew what I wanted, I researched for a month, I got this phone, and I am happy. As last thoughts, just in case you didn't notice, this is the most high end (1.6 GHz quad core Exynos CPU, 2 GB RAM), and the most expensive android device in the market... Cheers! :)One of the best smartphone of at least half of this decade....Products comes and settles and goes away, few makes their marks and few just fades away. No doubt every smartphone you buy today would be feeling like outdated in 6 to 12 months and that's the current trend of mobile industry! But even after this only few products manages to create history and no doubt Galaxy Note 2 is one of them. I am not going to talk about ram, processor specs, benchmarks etc. They are incredible for being future-proof for at least 1.5 years. What I want to talk about is user experience. 5.5&quot; screen makes it slapping any other device in market. Since I bought this mobile I don't remember when was the last time I switched on my laptop! Android 4.1.1 (waiting for official upgrade to 4.1.2) gives you the best OS this legend could currently have. Touch experience smoother than butter. Yes, Project Butter shows its strength! S Pen is fantastic innovation. You can use it for S Planner, S Memo, S Notes and even for quick commands, clipping etc. More S Pen apps if increases in market will make S Pen to show its full strenght. Optical Character Recognition literally fetches out 99% time correct text for whatever weird your handwriting is. It feels such a wonderful when device with amazing hardware responds with amazing software. Camera interface gives you lot of options to play with but I doubt if one has SLR he/she will never like this camera. But this device's camera is replacement for for most of point n shoot. Overall camera is not great but good with so many options, software tweaks to play with makes it powerful. Device with demon specs has to come with good fuel to support its strenght and Galaxy Note 2's battery is really good and gets you through 1.5 to 2 days of normal usage. Screen color reproduction is outstanding considering the fact the RGB matrix used with 12 subpixels. Most of my pics which shot with DSLR looks great on this device rather than on laptop! 
Lot of talks are going in market regarding 440ppi etc. Galaxy Note 2 have 275ppi but you have larger screen at the same and this means this device gives perfect combination of sharpness and visible real estate of screen which no other device in current market gives you! Afterall 275ppi depth is more than enough. Music player and sound quality is one of the greatest I have seen long time after Sony's walkman series. Softwares like Music Square are just amazing and it works - allows you to tap squares on grid according to mood and it selectes songs automatically (minimum 25 songs are needed to work this). 
Now let me talk about few cons of this device : 
1) This may not fit your pockets and hands but you will never want to hide it in your pocket! 
2) From hardware perspective battery life is good but few software glitches in Android (like running many background processes, caching unwanted applications) makes it hard to utilise battery's full potential. I believe Samsung will fix these with updates in future. Deep Sleep optimisations needs to be optimised more. If you are in poor network area battery just vaporises. 
3) Facebook integration is good but not great. Samsung should have build their own Facebook interface instead of relying on standard one. 
4) N7100 model does not support LTE. Remember this. LTE model is N7105 and I doubt is it is available in Indian market. 
5) Build quality could have been a bit better for device with 37K price. Maybe they could have used some thin steel panel instead of plastic at back. But plastic at back even looks good especially white looks great. 
 
About flipkart : Good service. Actually this time it was replacement for me as originally ordered device had display issue. Flipkart needs to improve upon their replacement speed. Afterall nobody just want to pay 37K and sit n wait for new product being available in 6 days. Yes it took 6 days to replace it which is long time. 
 
Overall this device is greatest one currently produced by Samsung and will be remembered in history for its innovation and inspiration to new generation of products. 
 
Thanks, 
Mayur LankeshwarYou Won't Regret After Buying This Piece Of Art..First Of All This Is For Those Who Don't Even Own A Single Smartphone And They Give Negative Review To The Juggernauts Of Their Field Such As Apple Iphone , Samsung S4 And Note 2 ... You Guys Seriously Need To Go Away .. How Can You Review A Phone Without Using It :/ 
Now As Far As I'm Concerned With The Review Of This Phone It Can Be Described In One Word Only ...Awesome 
I Used To Own LG Optimus Black P970 Before This Piece Of Art So This Is My Second Android Phone. I Wanted To Change My Cell So After Months Of Mind Tumbling Research On Net I Was Seriously Confused Between Iphone 5 And Note 2 I Wanted To Go For Iphone 5 But I Didn't Went For It As i Was In The Need Of A Phone With Big Screen So I Made The Final Verdict And Went For Note 2 Though It Was Released 9 Months Ago But It Specs And Performance Can Beat Any Phone In The Market Today ... And This Gamble Worked Perfectly For Me And I'm In Love With it 
Now Every One Knows About The Specs So I Would't Discuss It Here ... And Most Of The Smartphone Owner Know This Fact That Specs On The Paper Really Doesn't Matter It's About The Performance And Optimization Of The OS And UI That Really Makes A Smartphone 
1) Now I've Seen People Saying That It's Too Big To Be Used In Daily Life... I Want To Ask Those People Have You Ever Hold This Phone In You Hand ??? It's Just Perfect After Spending 30-40 k On a Smartphone You Don't Deserve A Small Screen .. You Deserve a Larger Crisp 720P SUPER AMOLED Display In Which You Can Watch Movies And Other Stuff That You Do On Your Lappy Or PC. 
2) Now About The Battery &quot;Big Screen Means More Battery Which Means Less Back Up&quot; These Were The Words Of My Friend, I Never Buy Any Electronic Without His Approval And This Was The First Time I Listen To My Mind And I'm Proud Of My Decision Note 2 Has The Best Battery Back Up Among All The Smartphones Present In The Market Today Despite Having Larger Display It Gives Me 1-2 Days Back Up On Wi-Fi 
3) Now About The Build Quality I Really Admit That Note 2 Can't Be Compared With Iphone And HTC One In Build Quality But Believe You On Me People It Is Not Cheap Plastic as rumoured By People It's Made Up Of Good Poly Carbonate. 
4) Overall As You Must Have Read In The Other Review The Performance Of The Phone Is Great There Is No Lag In It I Got 4.1.2 Out Of The Box And 4.2 Is Ready For The Release In August Then It Will Have Most Of The S4 features. 
5) When I Bought This I Used To Think That This S Pen I Would't Ever Going To Use But Now I Actually Use This S Pen For Most Of The Operation Of The Phone And Words Just Can't Describe It . You Gotta Use By Yourself 
6) The Stock Accessories Is Of Good Quality Except The Ear Phones They Are Just Horrible Zero Bass .. i Own Premium Headphones So It Not A Big Deal For Me But Consider This You Have To Buy New Ear/Head Phones If You Want Good Music Experience But Let Me Clear I'm Not Saying That Only Note 2 Has Bad Earphones Most Of The Stock Earphone Are Of Bad Quality 
7) Last But Not The Least I Read In a Review On Flipkart That &quot;Don't Fall For Smartphone Tactics You Can Buy A.C Fridge Or A Car On EMI &quot;No Offense To That But Premium Range Smartphone Are Not Made For Common People Why Misguide People, Buy A Phone That Your Budget Allows. But Don't Curse Iphone, Note 2 For Their High Price 
And Please Don't Compare These Phones with Lava,Xolo,Karbonn,Celkon Etc. 
 
 
Note 2 Is A Benchmark In Smartphone Industry Just Go For ItFantabulous.Recently got this phone and has fallen in love with it. 
Features I love: 
1. Excellent screen (all other phones will start looking dull once you get hold of it) 
2. Handwriting recognition.. for any input, I do not even take out S-Pen, just write word with my finger and it recognizes text so well 
3. Camera: Burst mode, panorama and many other good features 
4. Ability to mark a number as Spam so that all ads go to JUNK 
5. Has FM radio (Heard somewhere that it doesn't have .. but it does) 
6. Good battery. Even with Wifi whole day, your battery would stay for a day 
7. Pocketable.. Yes it is. Even in tightest jeans, it slips down easily being very slim and I do not find any trouble keeping it in pocket with its original cover. Samsung did a very smart decision of reducing width from Note 1 in this one. 
8. S-Pen: Often when free, I take S-Pen out and start drawing something (Something I'm absolutely poor in.. :D) 
 
Not Cons, but something you may wish to consider: 
1. If you have small face, you'd find difficulty in using it 
2. For lesser waist tight jeans (say less than 34 inches) you may feel it in pocket. Else you won't even feel its presence once slipped.THE BEST PHABLET EVER!.the samsung galaxy note 2 is a niche device. with its 5.5 inch super amoled screen it is one of the best screens available for a smartphone at the moment! and that too its non pentile. many people are considering buying sony's new flagship the xperia z , it has a full HD 1080p screen but its viewing angles are not that good. a student or a businessman with creative capabilities shud definately go with the note 2 . this is a really awesome device with amazing features! the huge screen on this phone is just lovely for surfing the net and playing games and videos, moreover this phone has a mammoth battery with awesome batterylife. the note 2 has a great camera with zero shutter lag and can snap 2 photos per second! with its quad core processor clocked at 1.6GHz and android jellybean with project butterthis phone can make brains melt with its 2GB of RAM! and it has great camera features too! i can write about this wonderful device for days together! GUYS IF U CAN AFFORD IT THEN DO GO AHEAD WITH THIS PHONE! IT WILL NOT DISAPPOINT U!Price of the PRoduct.First of all how can Flipkart change the price of the product. 
What is available at Rs 31500/- in the market in almost all the stores, Flipkart if pricing it at Rs 40000/- plus. and then offering a discount. 
 
I would suggest a strategy to Flipkart: 
Price the product at Rs 100000/- (One Lakh) and then offer a discount of 70%. 
Flipkart can claim to be the one and only one in the world or the universe to offer the maximum discount to its customers. 
 
Keep it up, Flipkart, 
You have put enough effort to come a position, but it will take very less effort to come to the bottom and then become extinct.Why buy the Note II?.People who're wondering, as for why they should by Note II despite the S4 and HTC One release here's something to ponder over. 
 
I've owned this device for a month now, and a friend of mine has owned one for 4 months. And I can vouch for this amazing device. I initially bought this merely for the ginormous screen, but was dumbfounded by the power that the Note 2 packs. And I've not even explored it in entirety. Great screen, Best battery life for any android device I've ever used - these alone makes the device great. Although S-Pen seemed a gimmick initially, I'm in love with it now and use it on a daily basis. And the speaker quality is surprisingly amazing, and if you have rooted GN2, it's just out of the world. Camera quality is fine, but the stock app is exceptionally good. 
 
All in all, this is a phone you'll hang on to for a LONG time. It's not just about specs, you'll fall in love with it once you begin using it. 
 
PS: I have no idea how such a stupid comment got voted as &quot;most helpful&quot;. HDTV and ACs get upgrades too - every single technology evolves. If you can't accept that, why feel the need to come over here and spam your narrow minded opinions here? Don't buy. Save your preachy nonsense for yourself and don't buy any smartphone. End of.&quot;My prized possession&quot;.Finally a product to look forward to, be it entertainment, Business or Creative needs. A Powerhouse Device. Well if you can afford anything, this is the only Phone you need to buy. 
 
Pros: 
1] 5.5 Inch Super HD AMOLED Screen. 
2] Ergonomical design for easy handling (you can use this phone even with 1 hand) 
3] S Pen - and it's functionalities - ( there are so many shortcuts to number of functionalities, you won't need Home, Back buttons) 
4] Smooth UI 
5] Whopping 2GB of RAM &amp; 16GB inbuilt memory ( you can use 10.75 GB only out of this, but I have no issues with that ). 
6] 3100 mAh Battery - works for almost 1.5 days for me. 
7] Great, rather I would say enhanced functionalities than SIII (in it own domain) 
8] Best for Business purpose as well as entertainment, Multifunctional usage. 
9] Great Camera Quality 
10] Finally, Great user experience. 
 
Cons: 
1] This Phone needs a MICRO-SIM, beware of having it beforehand. 
2] &quot;Top of the Pyramid&quot; Price. 
3] Need to have a Cover and Screen guard immediately - you don't want to have scratches on your Note II's Screen right ? 
 
Overall I would say this is the best phone ever. 
Worth the Price Tag. 
 
Go for it! You will never regret it. Thanks to Flipkart for timely delivery as committed. 
Thanks to Pennyful Cashback for effectively reducing the price tag.Samsung galaxy note 2-Thanks for your prompt delivery.I received my galaxy note 2 very promptly.I ordered it via COD. I am just about to get my micro sim for me to use the phone(calling and messaging).But I have used all other features using wi-fi where even I made video calls on gtalk and was awesome experience.I can say that galaxy note 2 is the most powerful and sexiest phone. Just forget about the size of the phone but see how great the display is,easy for browsing,gaming,watching movie etc.More to add the S-pen,Wow!!! that's the great invention.It's time for most of them to shift to galaxy note 2 or even S3 to feel that you are on top of the world when it comes to mobiles.Buy it to feel it!! But the only thing was I was upset with the gift they gave as freebie which is nowhere meeting note 2,samsung mono bluetooth device. Instead they could have given a gift voucher or flip case for the samsung which are really essential.I even asked them but they denied as they are unable to change the offers it seems.That's OK.Thanks Flipkart for your tremendous service.The Epic mobile of the Century.flipkart how do you always satisfy me with your service? 
Ordered the product on friday and received it on monday.. 
Only flipkart can pull it out..packing was a lil sluggish still I was happy to see the beast inside. 
 
Now for the product. 
 
Pros: 
1.Massive screen with feather touch sensitivity. Got the latest update of jelly bean too. 
2.There's enough memory inside to accomodate a house. Flipkart provides us with an additional 16gb memory card to top the icing. 
3.Processor speed and ram are sufficient enough to run games like Max Payne and temple run. 
4.Battery back is pretty good. .In fact the best..getd me easi through out the day with heavy usage. 
5.Camera is not the best.. still will get you the picture you want. 
 
Cons: 
1. You will notice the mobile and the charger will heat up during charging and will remain like that till the charge reaches at 80% then it will cool down. 
 
That's the only problem i have faced. 
 
Once again thank you flipkart and samsung for making life easy for me.Most stable Phone you can think of !!!!.Have been using this phone for a month now. First thing first ordered from flipkart on 29th of June and receive it on 30th. Really shocked with the speed of delivery. Ordered a Titanium Grey piece which looked stunning(Color preference is is individuals choice anyway). booted up real quick and let me tell you it has a wonderful screen. when i played my favorite video Alexander Stan's Sexo Beat on this one.. well that is when i really fell in love with this device. Coming to the OS Jelly bean it was like it is designed for this particular device. The interface was soo smooth. Thanks to 2GB RAM. 
 
Call quality I would say is the best from all the mobiles I used previously. In fact my dad said you sound so real from this device. And its SAR is the best of Industry. Loudspeaker was ok I have not used much of it. 
 
Playing Games on this device is really addictive I played most of the graphic intense games and recently downloaded Iron Man 3 which is butter smooth, the same game when i played it on my friend iphone 4s which was lagging like hell. And on the screen as big as note 2 you can't ask for better. Thanks its Adreno 400 GPU and High clocked 1.6 Quad core processor. 
 
Really amazed to that see that this device does not heat up as of other device. All most all the device gets heated up while playing games, charging or browsing net but Note 2 is as cool as cucumber. Really impressed. 
 
Speaking of the size of the device, at beginning I felt it a little big and even my mom asked me if it is a tab.. But after few days its perfectly convenient and fits in all my jeans pockets. 
 
Battery life is the stand out selling factor of the device. Im a heavy user and there was a time when i thought that no phone can give me more than a half day and used carry a charger to my office regularly, but Note 2 is an Exception, at the end of the day after monstrous use i still had 15% battery left on an average which is awesome. 
 
Only two mobiles can perform true multitasking those are none other than Note 2 and recent S4. you can run two different tasks on the same screen at a time using multitasking window. very useful once you experience it. 
 
Conclusion: Don't go for S4, HTC One or Iphone 5 to waste of your hard earned money.. upgrade your phone to Note 2 and you will be more than satisfied. The only con I would think of is some applications crash occasionally where you will have to re start the application again, not a deal breaker for me but for some it is. Some where around October it is going to get Key Lime Pie update(as heard from some sources) which will improve its performance to the optimum level).One Powerful Android Beast!.I am using Galaxy Note 2 for about 3 weeks now and this is proving to be a masterpiece of an equipment. Some of my experiences with the phone: 
 
1. I didn't really feel the big size, though I was using iPhone 3GS before which is much smaller in comparison. Since my motive was to have the usage of Tablet + Phone combined into one, I never bothered about the size 
 
2. Really powerful phone, never slows you down and your applications will run like a breeze 
 
3. For the power it offers, the 3100 mAh battery gives an unimaginably awesome performance 
 
4. Once you start using Social Media and News apps on this phone, you will never like to use the same apps on smaller phones later. The experience of using them on the bigger screen is unmatchable 
 
Overall, this phone proves to be a powerful beast that is powered by the latest version of Android (though 4.2 is almost here). Though Google LG Nexus 4 is something to look out for, this is no lesser a competition!Cool Phone! For those people who says itz big!.Hello people.....first Ill say abt this phone.....Looks Good!!!! ya. 
 
U know all the details abt this phone and please dont neglect this bcoz the people who are saying this phone is very big for hands is all a lie! first i thought to buy the phone and by seeing the negative reviews here i changed to galaxy S3...then i went to universel and i saw the dummy of this phone. Fits perfectly in my hands and great design. Every 1 saying that this phone is big that they cant afford this phone. so they are jealous of them who are trying to buy. So they are making us not to buy. Believe me. this phone is AWSM! I am just 15 yrs old and fits perfect. so what do u think?Phenomenal Device - Master Multitasker.This is a great device for those who want a do it all device. Have been an Apple fanboy for a very long time but began questioning the need for a device which is expensive and good to look at but simply DID NOT expand the horizon for 2 years now. Here comes Samsung along with Googles brand new Jelly Bean 4.1 (4.2 soon) OS and makes you wonder - &quot;Gees why can't my iPhone do this...?&quot;... 
This is the device along with its inspiration - the Galaxy S3 which push the limits of multi-tasking on a mobile screen... Simply a phenomenal device if you can think beyond the aesthetics and clean interfaces. This is a multitasking powerhouse...Future proof Phone &ndash; A Must has Phone.I have bought this phone after waiting long to buy a phone which meet my needs for next 2-3 Years. 
Earlier I desired to have Note 1 after experiencing in my hand but waited. 
I am not going with configuration but reason to have this. 
1)	A Great camera- It match both Video &amp; Pictures with decent benchmarked Camera. It gives all option which a smart camera has. 
You can save 8k to 14K if you buy this phone. Rather less bulky camera. 
 
2)	A Great Gaming Device.- It easily beats PSP &amp; Gaming x box other gaming Device. Note 2 provide integrated gaming device backed with Popular Mali 400 GPU with astonishing 1.6 Quad core processer with 2 GB RAM. 
It saves at least 9 K to 20k money on Gaming device. 
 
3)	A Great Internet&amp; Social Hub &amp; computing Device &ndash; It matchs with decent laptop &amp; tablet to meet your computing needs. Since Screen is 1/3rd smaller &amp; absence of keypad does not give you a laptop experience but Stylus Pen will add some fun to operate but I still believe, 
It saves 50% of current laptop device need say 10K to 15K 
 
4)	A Great Multimedia player- It gives you experience like Ipod &ndash; a Any great MP4 . 
It saves 5K if you wish to have great multimedia device. 
 
5)	A good Phone with all rich Audio &amp; Video quality. 
It saves your 2k on basic &amp; good branded phone. 
Now some additional Pros to have this phone 
It is all in one device with portability. It is much bigger device to hold in your palm but after a week you are glued to it &amp; forget this. It also comes with futuristic Technology which somewhere make a pleasurable experience like pop up play, Smart stay, NFC , customisable screen etc. you need to spends weeks to explore all its features. 
It comes with Great battery Backup with 3100 MAH which is far better than above mentioned devices hence it last at least 10 hours if continuously talk, surf &amp; watch Video with single full charge. It last 2-3 days if you moderately use this device. 
It also beat easily 20K to 25k devices which lacks some of great features of this phone specially battery &amp; performance. It is not a budget phone but a phone for future need. 
In next coming year we see 4G in mobile segment in Indian market then you will feel difference of having this device. Samsung have innovated this after having great success with Galaxy &amp; Note 1 &amp; Made this device to keep in mind it gives you sweet surprise by using this. 
I love this phone for its Size Performance &amp; Its capability to do what an ideal device has. 
It is costly but quality never comes at cheap price.Flipkart Hareses in Giving Cash Back offeres.While ordering the phone I was promised that as soon as my old phone would reach back, my new phone would get 5% cash back. But it been nearly a month and no action has been taken. I have contacted Flipcart support multiple times, but the response is slow and the issue is not being resolved.Amazing phone.I bought this phone from a Samsung Exclusive dealer and the experience has been amazing. I was looking to buy a top of the line phone which was actually functional as opposed to being only eye candy. Boy, does this phone blow the other models out of the water. The processor is blazing fast, the photo quality is excellent. For people who say that the sound isn't loud enough, maybe it's time to take a hearing test or stop working at the granite quarry. The battery life is amazing. Just install Juice Defender, it'll take care of that for you. If you have the money to buy this, just buy it without so much as a thought. You can review 5 phones for 30 days and buy this phone or you can buy this straightway. I did the former and I'm now a proud owner of this magnificent device. And I'm glad to see that Flipkart revised its pricing, more or less on par with what's available outside.True iPhone 5 Killer.I just got my phone from Flipkart. When i unbox Note 2. First impression is WOW. A Massive beast powered with highest Configuration can beat anything. Some of my friend says that this phone is too big but seriously This phone comes with one hand operation mode. Screen is too clear a True HD. Powered with too many features Like Airview, Gestures, Smart Stay, Smart Eye Rotate, NFC, and much more. Sorry to mention 1 main thing that this is worth the money you cant get this features in the market. Also This is the Most Expensive Phone in The market. Not iPhone because iPhone 5 cost is Around 650$. I am not happy to pay Rs.48000 for iPhone. All i want to say that this is must buy if you ready to spent 37k. And the last Flipkart Service is Awesome got the phone in just 2 days even at the Rushing Days of Diwali. Thanks Flipkart. YO Note 2 The Big thing is Already There!Amazingly good.I am using the device for last 20 days and my experience is very good, it is value for money. 
 
If you are not a hardcore Ifan then this phone is best. 
 
Pros: 
Screen size 
Handling (it may look awkward to handle initially but after 4-5 days it is just a normal size gadget) 
processor speed and RAM (till now no glitches) 
Good camera 
running 2 apps on same screen. 
Detachable battery (you need not to visit service center to replace battery) 
expandable memory 
and many more pros. 
 
Cons: 
I dint find any cons but if you purchase a device for its look and feel then its plastic body may be a down for you. if you want to purchase a device for its performance this is the best you can get at this price. 
 
For samsung vs Idevice 
Idevice has retina display and premium aluminium + glass body. except that Note II has upper hand on all the areas.This phone is badass.The phone is very large compared to others but not large enough to make you look like a dork while calling. Its somewhere between a phone and a tablet, giving you the best of both worlds. 
The processor is a quad core 1.6ghz one, giving the note 2 a processing power equal to that of a pc. The screen is large, but it should easily fit in the hands of an adult. The screen is sharp as expected of a super AMOLED screen. Picture quality is great, colours are vivid and pictures are sharp. The ram is 2 gb , allowing you to perform more processes at once and reduce lag. This phones performance is equal to that of a pc. The battery life is excellent, and more than s3's. People go for the s3 more, 'cause of its size. But some fail to notice that the note 2's performance greatly overshadows s3's. 
The s pen is a great addition, giving an accurate touch experience. The phone is a bit heavy and difficult to carry around , so you have to put it in a bag, as it may not fit in the pocket, so i recommend a bluetooth headset to be used with this. 
Overall this phone is great, have not found any cons. I prefer this over s3. Great job samsung.Awesome phone.The phone is really awesome with all its cool features the best one being S note and Multi-Tasking. Other cool features are the Camera and Video Player Functions. The phone is not that big like imagined and can be conveniently handled. I have seen some drop tests on YT and the phone is really a tough one. 
 
So guys go ahead and buy the phone its worth the money spent and if purchased online prefer Flipkart. The shipping is always fast and safe at Flipkart. You do not have to worry abt the shipping of such a costly product.Its a Super-Mega-Ultra phone. God Gadget.Period..About Note 2, it is indeed very difficult put things in one review...because Note 2 actually provides you with huge, diverse capabilities 
 
Pros: 
- The size. Few people have cribbed on the huge size. Honestly, it is because of the size that I (and I am sure others too) bought it. Infact, other 'smaller' mobile phones now look so out of the place. 
 
- I have sold my Galaxy Ace &amp; my Dell laptop and purchased Note 2 as a replacement of these 2 devices. And believe me, Note 2 is indeed a phablet. I have rarely felt the lack of laptop after I bought Note 2. 
 
- Touchscreen is buttery smooth. 
 
- 1.6 GHz Q core, 2 GB RAM give you all the muscle to run as many applications as you want without a glitch 
 
- S Pen is one of the greatest marvels to be used so intelligently on a digital device. Be it taking notes, drawing, reading..the S Pen handles all these so intuitively. 
 
- Samsung has excellently embedded Touchwiz with Jellybean in terms of usability and aesthetics 
 
- The intuitiveness with which features like Smart Stay, Quick Glance, Motion Alerts are devised, you may start wondering if iPhone is miles behind in terms of its so called 'intuitive' OS and design 
 
- Those who feel that the back cover is made of 'cheap' plastic, let me tell them that the 
textured back finish gives Note 2 a excellently premium look. Secondly, this very plastic body absorbs shocks &amp; falls much better that any other metal body. (My Note 2 has fallen twice already from a height of around 3 feet :-( 
 
Cons: 
- Camera could have been say 12 megapixel OR it could have been better in lowlight conditions 
 
- My Note 2 is Titanium Grey but unfortunately Samsung gives 'only' white colored charger and earphones in the box which don't really match 
 
- The original flip cover doesn't look premium enough 
 
Lastly, let me add that with a gadget so intelligent, fast and intuitive as this, there is a distinct possibility that you may start feeling if this is a Human being... :-)Note 2 - Future proof.This phone's got it all. To be honest, when I now compare my iphone 4 with this phone, I realize how much I was missing out. Screen is AMAZING, Camera is great when there's enough lighting (decent in low light but not great), S-pen is EXTREMELY useful (air view, cutting an image, print screen, many many others!) And google maps - oh google maps!!! How much love do I have for thee?? Imagine a turn by turn navigation for GOOGLE MAPS!!! The best map application on the planet just became BEASTLY!! 
 
Let me list some pros off the top of my head: 
 
-S Pen is truly amazing 
-Battery life is LONG. Easily lasts a WHOLE DAY on HEAVY USAGE. 
-Sound quality is great. 
-Extremely smooth and fast, navigating through the screens is tremendous! 
-Extremely flexible (widgets, customizable) - just beats the iphone in every aspect on OS flexibility. 
-Light for its size - whoever says this is a heavy device is a moron. This phone is as thin as the iphone 4 even though it's JAMMED with an amazing battery. 
-Androooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiid!! 
-Fits in my pocket - at first I was afraid this thing will be too big; it's not. Unless you wear skinny jeans that stop the blood circulation in your legs you should be fine. 
-5.55 inch screen is just too good. Easy to read eveything, easier on the eyes, a true masterpiece! 
-Replaceable battery, Micro-SD slot!!! Add all the movies and pictures you want!!A user for one and a half years!!.I am finally writing a review after being a satisfied user for almost one and a half years. Before I got this phone I was someone who would change his phone very very often.... as often as 2-3 months. Now I realise that was because none of the phones that I used before was as good as this!! I must say that I am a very very heavy user spending hours doing something or the other with this phone, either playing, or working, sending emails, random scribbling, social networking, clicking photos, listening to music etc. Even after one and a half years this beast is still serving me well.... the battery is great, have been receivng software updates, the operating system does not hang up and it is still buttery smooth as it was when I bought it. Sure there are better phones in terms of specs that have come out since the note 2, but in terms of practical usability I still don't find the urge to upgrade it, better processors, higher res. screens, better cameras have come out. But my note 2 is still going strong and I have formed a great attachment with it!! Since now that the phone has come down to around 27-28k I would strongly recommend it to anyone within this budget. It has a great camera, great software, great sound quality, great screen (although 720p) and most importantly a great battery.Better then best..Although i had purchase it from local store but comenting for better clearity. 
 
I will only highlight Cons because pros are a lots. 
 
1) major thin that i dislike about this device is BLURRY. while scrolling contacts or playing Games if thing are in motion it tend to make thing blurry e.g. while clicking pic shake your hand. its only an expamples for you to understand what i am talking about. if want a better clearity on what im saying install real racing 2. you'll understand. 
2) android is havly OS. yes you'll find some lag. but better than other device. 
3) shitty Theme i didn't like it that much. Try installing Nova launcher. (Best. Recommended) 
4) few games are not compatible. it really irratating. 
5) Since i use 3g for more than 4 yrs believe me i still feel like using one. (Please don't compare it with Iphone. its simply da best) 
6) don't know its only me or else are also facing it but Google play don't download or update. Its really irritating. 
7) Most of the time its says can't install free some space although 790MB is already free. 
irritating but not so much since i install using third party. 
8) i don't know its my headset or mobile but sound clearity is not up to the mark. compared it with iphone 3g i prefer iphone.. someone who is really into sounds will understand. 
 
Over all amazing device Plz don't thing about screen since i was also against it but when you get used to it you will not see any other fone. ( all of a sudden i used iphone 3g felt like im using some child fone. ate it royally) 
 
Best features: 
 
 pop up browser (Da best or all), multi window, 2GB ram worth, Power saving mode(Worth), bigger screen, incerase volume (compared with S3), 
 
Piece of advice: 
 
Please don't purchase flipcover its not worth investing 1600 on it. it make your fone from prince charming to shrek). again not worth. Don't destroy the beauty. 
don't compare with iphone please. 
Don't root it. its best. im really great in rooting but i didn't feel like doing it because nova launcher did what rooting would had done for me. Simply great launcher.Beast and Best phone in the market.This is the best phone in the market at the present time 
It is better than Galaxy SIII , it is better than Iphone5 and it is better than any other phone out there 
Now about Note II 
Its quad core 1.6GHz processor can run any application smoothly without any freeze and it can also run more than one app easily without being slow...It has 2GB ram which is more than any other smartphone and it is enough for all the applications..Its Mali400 graphics can smoothly run any game without any lag..its big 5.5&quot; screen looks beautiful and videos look very beautiful especially HD...It has a 3100mAh which is itself a beast and you dont need to charge the phone for 1-1.5 day if u play heavy games watch hd videos and do multitasking otherwise it can last for 2-2.5 days easily..The Spen is really amazing and the air feature is very accurate...the phone is a beast and the one who owns it will surely be proud..believe me it is better than iphone 5 which has a dual core processor and 1gb ram..iphone 5 is onl in the market due to the tag APPLE. 
If u are confused in buying iphone 5 or note II and have no problem with big screen then surely note II is the phone to buy..The BEST phone I've ever owned.Hi guys ,I got this phone on 22nd of June after giving my stand by phone galaxy Y for an exchange and after 20 days of usage my battery started dying on me very quick and hence called F.K and guess what they straight away replaced it with a new device (Only replacing the battery would have done the job here but they just replaced the entire thing) -Customer service defined.I guess that's why I can't resist buying any thing from F.K even though I have so many malls quite near to where I live. 
 
If size really bothers you ppl please don't buy the phone -Simple ...It all depends on your need ...if you want a bigger screen just go for it, If not and you are really worried about the size just don't buy.Complaining about the phones size is not going to make you like it and its not going to stop ppl who really want to buy this phone.Each to his own. 
 
The phone fits very well in my pocket even when I wear formals and sitting with the phone in my pocket does not come in the way of my comfort, unless you are really small for the phone or have just reached puberty the phone will seem large to you and u will keep trolling about it everywhere ..main reason of me buying this phone is its size 5.5 inch super AMOLED screen with switchable keypad(left to right) is like perfect.Watching movies while travelling,video's on youtube and surfing on web on a larger display is awesome which no other phone in this world will endure.Monster battery-3100 Mah battery last me for more than a day after moderate to heavy use,awesome battery life and even 2 days on some occasions if I don't use it much.Gaming on a larger display is a new experience for me after all and I'm enjoying it so much because I know even the costliest phones out there cannot give me so much fun.Rest you guys know all of its features and I need not say much. 
 
Its purely value for money guys, May be the s4 is faster than the note 2 ,has latest software and the best processor a phone can have but its new features does not intrigue me and as many other web sites say its not a deal breaker.Note 2 is a deal breaker in this case as it also has a quad core processor,has 2 gigs of ram and fairly a decent graphic card which can handle any given game made for android.2-3 years down the line I wont have any problems with this phone.My S2 which I have been using since the past 2 years can still play all the latest games without any hassle.So getting a phone for 27k with all these features and which really suits my need seemed a perfect deal for me and I literally dropped the idea of buying the S4 .Every 6 months samsung would come up with their new flag ship, I would see Galaxy 5 pricing for 42-45k next yr and s4 would drop down to 27k. This clock work would continue no matter what ...so paying extra 14k for not so special hardware upgrade and not so intriguing features the s4 didn't interest me at all and 27.5k for the note 2 seemed a perfect deal for me and guess what I was quite happy giving my galaxy Y for a exchange ..that phone really sucked. 
All I can say I'm a very proud owner of this phone and loving every bit of it.If you really like a larger display and want to enjoy crisp and quality HD video's on a phone then this is your best bet. 
 
Some people have mentioned that other sites are already selling the phone for 30k without exchange offer but will u get the service like I got apparently from FK ? will snapdeal,ebay and many other websites straight away give a replacement without troubleshooting ???? NO !! 
 
Again, People' I'm not degrading any phone here ..the S4 is a good phone just that I didn't feel that its value for money , If you can afford the latest s4 or the htc 1 and you do not need a phablet and want to stay with the latest phone then just buy the s4 or the htc one and you will end up staying happy. 
Service * * * * * (wish I could give more) 
Product * * * * *Awesome Phablet...Loving it....I received it today afternoon. And this is my genuine review: 
 
Pros: 
1. Superrrrrrb display..I thought this phone would be big to handle. But believe me guys. I have got medium hands and I am able to handle it properly without any problem and the samsung keyboard also is very helpful when typing single handed. Special feature of keyboard shifting sides according to right/left handers. 
2. Performance is toooooo good.. 
3. I have seen in couple of reviews that Camera is just average. But I found it really good. This cam takes really decent clarity pics and there is no lag at all from one pic to next pic. 
 
Cons: 
1. Ear phones are not at all good. It doesn't seem like even a branded phone/ear phones if you are only listening to music without looking at the phone. Samsung can do a lot better regarding this. 
2. I stay in Bangalore and I used to get my deleveries on the next day I ordered or atleast 2nd day. But this one took 3 complete days to reach me. Though I received it as per the dead line, still its late being in Bangalore. 
3. I was told that it will be an exact exchange. I mean I will be provided with new phone and they will take my old phone on the same day/time. But to my surprise, Flipkart guy came to me the day before I got my SG Note-2 for taking my old phone. As I am having one more spare phone, I have returned my old Samsung Galaxy Y. Otherwise what is the situation? 
 
But talking about the phone, it is an awesome experience. You can't go back to 4 inch or even 4.8 inch s3 after getting used to this display size. The experience is just 'Pha'ntabulous..It may be a game or reading on FlipBoard or viewing some high clarity pics. It is good. 
 
Finally about exchange scheme. Every one knows that its not 10k discount on your old phone.Everyone who bought this/ thinking to buy may already have done enough research on the local market price tags and other online sites. If you think so, wait for 3 to 4 months more till Note3 is released so that you can get it for Rs.27500 without exchanging your phone. Its marketing guys...10k is a big number for posters. So discount will be definitely on MRP to highlight that 10k figure. 
 
Hope my review is a little useful...One suggestion for the guys who is banging their head in confusion just because of only one thing..screen size..Go for it..And you will later appreciate your decision ..really..I am one of those guys that I have mentioned just now..:)SDS Bug....Hi i bought note n7100 form local market in surat in 27500rs without any exchange offer on 13-7-13 i was very happy with phone till two days back phone died and it did not power up so i went to samsung service station and they said they have to replace mother board without any cost as it is in warranty. 
 But when i started searching for sudden collapse of my phone i came to knowledge that note 2, S3 &amp; S4 are suffering from SDS bug which corrupts memory and make phone dead and so i am little worried that even after mother board get replaced my phone me die any time and can become high value paper weight at any time. 
 I am just writing my experience about note 2 so that people may know cons before purchasing such high value phone any one can check about this bug on google just type my note2 died suddenly and u will come to get more about problem. no offence against flipkart they r the best and high value online shop in INDIA.Iphone 4 to samsung galaxy note 2.I was using iphone 4 for nearly 2 years... and had got used to the iOS. 
Galaxy note 2 and all its features attracted me towards it from the first 
day I saw it. I am using note 2 for 2 days now and m liking it very much... 
I was thinking that I might miss my iPhone... but its not like that. And the big screen has started to appear normal already. Battery was down to only 50% after a whole days use with internet on the whole day and heavy use of maps and gps as I was travelling.6 Months with Note 2.First of all I used Acer , samsung duos s and then note 2 android devices .. 
And with decent knowledge m' writing this review 
 
The biggest thing about the note 2 is amoled 2 screen .. the screen comes with not only with Quality it is very smooth to touch .. you can play games , watch movies , do web surf what ever the first thing plays a vital role is screen .. m' really love with this amoled 2 screen .. m' sure amoled 3 will do better job which comes with note 3 and s4 .. 
 
The second thing is Speed .. the speed is A9 chip with Quad core so I never find any app till now this phone hands .. i use like about 60 apps but my phone works very smooth .. and its responsive is making me always buying samung products in future note 3 or note 4 and so .. 
 
Things like graphics , sound Quality (headset) etc are good not the best but good .. 
 
it is very slim and sexy .. dont tell me iphone have Quality and these samsung phones are not .. you can only tell when you really used it for long time .. 
 
about smart features ?? Damm samsung tell you very few smart features about the phone .. there are thins like easy swipe to call , best call blocker in the world , and many many features wil take this smart phone to high peak .. if you are person who love things like tools , smart features etc .. this phone is for you . no secondary thought .. 
 
for the people who gave 1 star .. m' 100% sure this phone is not for you and you are not eligible for atleast giving reviews .. 
 
On considering all features and things Quality m' giving this phone 5 star 
 
Dont care about screen guys .. you will feel better while playing games , movies , web surf big screen plays a big role .. so 5.5 is must for a mob .. buy alternate mob some cheap mob for carrying outside like gameplaying etc .. m' really impressed with my note 2 
 
I agree samsung is really poor in giving latest updates .. they do because they want to earn money from their latest mobiles .. I hate samsung for only that reason else everything is fine ..Awesome. Know why or Why not?.I am using this phone since 10 days now. Excessive use. 
 
I did a lot of R &amp; D before buying this handset, and therefore, I have a great yearn to explain and remove the confusions, doubts and hesitations that I too had before buying this product. 
 
1. First, we understand that many people didn't have a good experience with Samsung phones because of the mutations and customization it has had done with their Galaxy series, but true to my experience and our understanding, we must admit, that Note is a completely different series. 
 
With quad core processor and 2 GB RAM you are not going to feel the lag. Trust me. 
 
2. This phone is not that big. It's a hype. It's one of the most beautiful thing that will look in your hand. For girls hesitating, listen, I understand, it's not made for your tiny denim pockets, my best friend(girl) holds it in her hands all day, and it gives a rich-look to her. 
 
3. Which color? I know many are going to agree and many disagree. After a lot of experimentation, you know keeping gre phone in hand, then white, then putting either phone on ears, looking in the mirror, did everything you know, white is better. 
Eventually, you are going to put a flip cover for this phone, use black. 
Now, why white, if you are using a black cover? 
Because, white look in front reflects better contrast and colors when you are working over the phone. 
 
4. Performance proves that the specs mentioned are worthy and deserving. 
 
5. Writing Note is awesome, you can do anything with it, you know. Though one thing to mention, I was crazy for this note thing, but haven't used it much. It's human nature. 
Don't drop the idea to buy this phone even if you are not a Note user, as the specs and performance is very good.@32.5k in local market...WITH A SMALL HEATING ISSUE.hey guys i got this phone from national market bangalore with manufacturer warranty at only 32.5k...and it is the least price at which you can this awesome device...and you can get it from shopping.indiatimes.com at 32.2k....with coupon code MOBDEALS...dont know y flipkart`s price is sooooooo high.... 
ABOUT THE DEVICE: 
IT IS THE BEST DEVICE AVAILABLE IN THE MARKET WITH BEST HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE SPECIFICATION... and it will get the android 5.0 keylimepie update also... 
 
but i would like to bring one thing to your notice...THIS DEVICE HEATS UP A LOT AFTER PLAYING GAMES...AND IS USUALLY WARM ON THE UPPER HALF...BOTH FRONT AND BACK...WHILE ON CHARGING OR WHILE USING 3G OR WIFI 
Sometimes after normal usage also u can feel the difference between the upper half and the bottom half...and is difficult to talk on a phone call... 
 
BUT TODAY I WENT TO THE SERVICE AND THEY INSTALLED A SOFTWARE PATCH...NOW IT IS WORKING OK...BUT IT STILL GETS WARM... 
 
AND I FOUND OUT THAT ALMOST ALL THE NOTE 2 DO GET WARM AFTER NORMAL 15-20 MINS OF USAGE 
 
ANYWAYS I WILL SEE IF THE PATCH WORK AND POST A REVIEW AGAIN... 
 
HOWEVER THE DEVICE IS FABULOUS...THE EXPERIENCE IS FLAWLESS...NO LAG NOTHING...AND HAS FANTASTIC AND VERY RESPONSIVE TOUCH SCREEN...IT'S NOT A PHONE BUT A SUPERPHONE.I got this from flipkart just about a week ago. As usual the delivery was on time (ACTUALLY BEFORE TIME) so no questions about the flipkart. 
Now on the phone 
It has got everything you can get in a phone 
 
Pros 
an amazing widescreen 5.55&quot; screen (HD super AMOLED) 
1.6 gHz QUAD CORE processor With 2 GB RAM (so fast) 
Android 4.1 Jellybean 
S Pen With awesome features like Airview ( Defies laws of physics!!!) 
Has Got CORNING GORILLA GLASS 2 
Battery is amazing (fast charge, Best backup) 
S voice is responsive 
an impressive camera with all features, front camera is also very good 
I can't write all pros 'cause they are so many!!!!!!! 
 
CONS 
The only con I can find is that it's so fast (JUST KIDDING!!!) 
 
it is a must must buy Much better than apple (I was using Apple before this) 
in less priceBlown away by the quality!.Amazing phone! Brilliant and vibrant display! Even more amazing is the smoothness of the interface and the sound output. Like Samsung portrayed in the IFA unveiling of this phone, the S Pen really does turn into a &quot;Magic Wand&quot; when it comes to this device. The browsing speed is really good. Samsung's S Voice sucks and was a duplication of effort since Google Voice is flawless. Jelly Bean really does take Android into a new dimension. Highly recommended!Good navigation but very flimsy body.Nice to handle and navigate with but got a scratch in a space of three days. Very flimsy body. Samsung is a Korean company and just like all Korean products -- cars, industrial plants and phones -- this one is true to their manufacturing style. It is being sold in many numbers with lots of advertising but the body does not promise durability. In fact, the customer is also not hoping for a long lasting product. So, I think the manufacturer and customer are even.Samsung Galaxy Note 2.I have used Samsung Galaxy S3 and Google Nexus 4 in the past and did a lot of research before buying this and trust me this is the best phone available till date. It true that its a bit bigger compared to other phones available but its not bulky. Has a big screen and S pen. battery backup is very good. 
 
Choose the &quot;Titanium Grey&quot; model over &quot;white&quot; because dark color feels smaller than white. 
 
And If you talk about flipkart service .... its awesome .... ordered it on Saturday Night 10PM and Phone was delivered on Monday 11AM .... I have been using flipkart for a while now and looks like have started compromising on the packaging part. In the past they were sending packages in bubble bags to avoid any mishandling and now just a plain cardboard box with Samsung box inside it .... please use best packaging for at-least electronics good that are expensive ....DO IT !! DO IT !!.i have not bought this from from FK but im writing just to share ..my 1month experience with this amazing phone.. 
 
+'s 
 
usb connector---- u can connect any pen drive (i have tried up to 32gb)and it works like a charm ... 
 
usb mouse--- it supports any usb mouse and when u connect it a pointer shows up on screen . you can use all the features like left click right click and scroll ... thats a great ease of use. 
 
screen size------ is big enough but fits in pocket easily, and i haven't faced any problem using it with one hand as u can manage UI according to your usage ie left handed or right handed. 
battery------ amazingly it last one day easily with continuous 3g data and calling up to 6-8 hours a day. 
 
tap and share ---- u can tap 2 phone back to back and share what so ever is on your screen like pictures and videos.. 
(i have tried tap share with note 2 and s3 ) 
 
tv connector ------- also amazing ... just connect it to any hd tv and get amazed... u can view videos and pics... and playing games is just a great experience ..(you ll have to buy tv connector separately ).. 
 
well for now i have experienced this much with my note 2 .. 
as a conclusion i ll say if u have ur pockets loaded and willing to spend then dont think much just go for it...Awesomeness....I was in a confusion whether to upgrade my phone to GS4 or GN2. I did some research from my own capability, and then made up my mind to buy GN2. From the date I put it into use, I just felt its awesome. Here are my pros and cons from this product 
 
a) Very big screen, optimum to replace my tablet. 
b) build is very good. People who cry about plasticity of Samsung products have never seen it in real. Corning Gorilla2 glasses is icing on the cake. I am using the phone without any kind of flip-cover or screen guard for very first time. 
c) Touchwiz: I use it on my Tab2 as well. I also have a Samsung Google nexus and nexus7 which have vanilla android. I agree that Google releases early software releases for last 2 devices, but it is tastless for me. I find Touchwiz makes true android customization. There are zillion of features in phone which I am yet to explore on this phone. 
d) S-Pen: Its true innovation from Samsung, and stands apart from likes of HTC, iPhone etc. Try taking quick notes. Its very convenient than typing on Google keep or some other notes app. 
 
Cons: 
a) size: I agree that phone is very big, and should be addressed as phablet. Samsung provides one hand typing keyboard which is cool at times. 
b) price: Its bit on high end. But I purchased from exchange offer. Thanks to Samsung for providing good value for my old phone :) 
c) fonts: I like to customize fonts system-wide. But I dont get such an option. I dont like big fonts used on status bar or elsewhere. I want to control my phone as per my taste. 
d) No-background: Being super-amoled, I wanted to just say NO to any background. But Android doesnt have this option(same with Google nexus) I need to download a black wall paper and apply it as background. Black looks dead beautiful on the phone. 
 
As for cry babies which keep crying in flipkart against expensive/samsung phones, go and get a life. Remember not everyone will buy your allegations against these phones. Great job Samsung! 
 
As for flipkart, my feedback, improve your logistics. You take too long time to deliver an item these days. I think you are done with customer acquisition phase, and now doing actual business. Only advantage is 5% bank offer available here. Else it doesn't make sense to sit waiting for your delivery.Good marketing strategy by samsung.As we all know Note 3 is out and its their latest flagship with all high specs and stuff... thats cool.. but where the heck is the update for samsung note 2 ? Samsung wont push the update of 4.3 for note 2 and samsung s3 till some time ...till they sell a few pieces of note 3 ... till then we have to stick to this ancient version of android. In my opinion samsung really fails to hold back its customers because of this reason. Apple was happy to give its latest IOS7 to all versions of iphone from 4 to 4s to 5 even though they are yet to release iphone 5s in most of the countries.This is what I'm talking about ... apple has been loyal to its customers and they do not make them feel that are being cheated after a few months from buying their handset.Where as apple is not being partial to those customers who have their latest handset.where as samsung is greedy and wants ppl to go in for their latest flagship hence they have delayed the update for Note 2 and S3 ... what a shame samsung I didn't know u guys can go that cheap just to sell ur latest flagship. 
Now this will refrain me from buying any samsung products next time.I feel cheated and even after having one of the best phones from samsung I feel that I'm using micromax or carbon who rarely get any updates. 
Samsung how long does it take to send an update ... ?? are ya guys working on the update thing since 2 months ? U guys would have come upo with an entire new version of android in that time ..and u guys are saying that &quot;we are testing the latest android updates on samusng s3 and note 2 and then we will release it&quot; ? seriously ? hahaha say that to a 3yr old and he might believe u... 
SHAME on u samsung SHAME !!Amazing Phone.Well I am writing this comment quite late, because I don't want to give feedback while I didn't use the phone for long time, as new phones always function nicely. 
So after using the phone for almost 11 months I found it very useful and price worth. I like to give the feedback in the following points: 
* Nice Display: 267 ppi makes the awesome display, all the media items look much better then any other same range phones. 
* Sound: Sound is nice, although the volume is not so high. But for me it is good enough as I don't use my phone as a BIG speaker. 
* Fast: 1.6 GHz quad-core Cortex-A9 makes the phone to give nice and smooth feeling. 
* Camera: Camera performance is amazing, one can make many click continuously without any hurdle. 
* S-Pen: This is the one of the most amazing things it has. After purchasing this phone I almost stop using the paper diary and all. It also allows me to make some of the very nice sketches and art work while I am free or travelling. 
* Battery: Battery is almost OK. 
 
And at last I want to say, &quot;One should be smart to use the smart phone with it's full potential&quot;Top notch smart phone.first of all it's a unthinkable performer in its class .no smart phone comes close with its performance ..with its 5.5 screen 
1 Chipset -	Exynos 4412 Quad 
 CPU - Quad-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A9 
2 Super AMOLED capacitive Touchscreen 
3 16GB Internal Memory 
4 GPU: Mail-400MP 
5 Stylus Pen 
6 2GB RAM 
7 NFC ,s beam 
and the list continues more on and on .. 
The camera quality is up to the mark not so exceptional but pretty decent when it comes to samsung phones 
related to some saying that it's a pretty big phone fuzz ... guys it's all on individual vision . personally i have been using for 2 weeks and i am almost used to it .. it feels normal to me grip is perfect for me and it fits in my hand perfectly no problem while typing or any operation and if some has small hand samsung has taken care of with its one handed operation features . 
-coming to battery ..this is where no ones can touch this beast .. it's 3100 mah probably 2nd highest battery in the smart phone category ..it lasts for 28 to 30 hours for me with very ease and if i use less it lasts about 2 days 
-u will definitely be blown away by the touch-wiz features given by samsung namely 
-Quick glance 
-smart stay 
-s note (most useful ) with s pen 
-direct call and many more .and it's u i is buttery smooth i didnt notice any lag after installing many apps and games 
-internal provided after the partition by os is around 11 gb which is more than enough to install your apps and games 
-Super amoled hd screens adds cherry to its performance .. watching video in this 1080 p is a ever lasting fun 
Guys if u have this much money to buy this phone just dont think twice just go for it .. 
if not than don't complain about this awesome phone ..it has every little bit to complete your daily as well as your tedious task 
 and lastly many thanks to flipkart services delivered the product before the expected date with proper packing ... thumbs up for flipkart and its serviceGreat Phone.I was contemplating between 2 products Note 2 (Rs 31500) and Canvas 4 (Rs. 16100) for several months. 
Thought about it for a very long time and then saw some reviews of note 2 where they said it was not worth the price where as the Canvas 4 was value for money. 
Only thing which was bothering me was the brand name &ldquo; Micromax&rdquo; Finally I ordered for the Canvas 4 for Rs 16100. and got it promptly on time as usual excellent service from Flipkart. I used the phone for a week, downloaded couple of games and apps like FB, Whatsapp, Clash of the clans, FB, Subway Surf etc.. The Screen started flickering and couple of times went blank and rebooted. I immediately logged a replacement request and Flipkart promptly replaced the Phone. Now it is working fine. 
After couple of days Flipkart came up with an exchange offer for Note 2, I exchanged my 4 year old Nokia E5 for an discount of Rs 5000 less on the Note 2. It was a great offer. 
Now I had 2 phones &hellip;. Gifted my wife with the canvas 4 and kept the note 2 ;-(. 
 
While Comparing both the phones:- 
The Canvas Internet speed is much faster as compared to the Note 2 
 
The 13MP Camera and the clarity of Canvas is beyond comparison to note 2 wiz 8MP But the large screen of the Note 2 makes the photos look better. 
 
The Samsung touch screen response is better than the canvas 4 
 
Display Quality : The front screen is awesome very smooth as compared with the Micromax canvas 4 
 
Canvas 4 comes fully loaded with all accessories like Additional flip cover Screen guard which is not available with Note 2 
 
Note 2 response in wifi is great 
 
Note 2 has a bigger display size and is cumbersome while answering calls or operating with single hand even though it has a feature of one hand operation, the problem is the screen is so big that u have to use all your fingers to support the phone it is difficult to press any button. The display size of canvas is accurate and is comfortable in operation. However both the phones are large for single hand operations of people who travel a lot &hellip;. It becomes difficult to drive and operate. 
 
The Thickness of Note 2 is much lesser than the canvas and is very sleek. 
 
The Spen is not available in Canvas 4. It is a cool device and nice to use the Spen when you are lounging. And people notice and identify it&hellip; :-) 
 
You can always flaunt your note 2 as compared to a canvas 4. 
 
Comparing both the phones and using both the phones first hand given the choice I will prefer the note 2. 
 
This product is really good value for your money.Big and Beautiful Note 2.... I'm loving it.Ok i had been following Note 2 ever since its release but was unable to get my hands on it because of the price but thanks to the samsung exchange offer i have it now m/... 
 
Coming to the Phone 
Pros: 
1.Due to it's big screen many people feel it is difficult to handle but i have never had any trouble with it; leaving the rare cases now and then... and once you get used to this size it's hard to go back to smaller mobiles ( read: iphone) 
 
2.The battery is too good i easily last a day and half even after total abuse of my phone (3G, High graphic games, messaging) 
 
3.S-pen -- This is one hardware people should not miss... I always thought i would never use it but to my surprise i keep using it the more and more i get to know of it's various features. It's great fun too 
 
4.The display is good and the camera too is decent not the best in the market right now but you won't feel bad using it... though low light images may leave you disappointed. 
 
5.The external memory and replaceable battery are also good to have. 
 
Cons: 
1.The USB charger cable is very small... I hate it. 
2.The graphics processor is not the best and when you play graphic-intensive games it shows up a little 
3.I'm not a fan of Touchwiz at all the cartoonish icons and interface is not for me i prefer the stock android anyday but there are good launchers out there which can make up for itBusiness phone/Multipurpose.Okay, where do I start? I'm not certifying this phone as a 5 star simply because I bought it. 
To be fair, everyone complaining about the price of the phone and the fact that samsung will come out with a new phone etc don't get the point of this phone. This phone has very good specs. Make no mistake. 2 gigs of RAM, a very good processor which will hold it's own more or less in the face of competition from the HTC One and the SG Note 3. This phone is primarily a business phone. Push mail, presentations, doc editing, creating and viewing pdfs etc is brilliant. Thanks to the big screen and precision via the s-pen. Airview and the s-pen button are a huge bonus. I've been using this phone for quite some time now and this is my primary device on the go. I also use a google nexus 7. I never really liked Touchwiz till I used the note 2. This is one phone that touchwiz is essential for. Simply because of the way the s-pen utilities have been embedded in the software. IF you plan to flash the phone and install any other ROM, I would recommend any one of the many Touchwiz based custom ROMs available. One thing I loved about the phone is the camera. It's not a showstopper, but has some neat features like the burst mode and great quality. 
The Note 2 currently is priced at some 32k while the Note 3 is pushing 50k. Price is not a factor but at 32k, this phone is a steal. 
Also, I should mention the monster battery. I have to charge this phone up once in 2 days. I am a heavy user switching between wifi and 3g and I do use a portable charger for an hour or two but even without, this phone gives me about 18 hours of usage no sweat. 
If you're looking for a phone to use purely for gaming, this is not the phone for you, though it will perform just as well. If you're looking for a phone purely for entertainment, this might still not be the phone for you. This phone can do a bit of everything. And very well at that. It's a jack of all trades. A very very good Jack.samsung.PROS for the device 
 
1. Battery backup (3100 mAh) is really good unlike a smartphone (Runs 1.25 days or may be more) 
2. Currently running 88 Apps including heavy games and still left with ample memory to double my app count. 
3. S Pen is really Cool !! 
4. Not to mention Tech Specs : I guess you know it all by now. 
5. Large Screen Size and Display. Trust me i havent used my ipad since then :) 
6. Decent Camera and amazing picture quality. Best buddy for travel. 
 
CONS (Work It Out): 
 
1. The earphones they provide have a good sound quality but low output. You probably have the good ones already. 
2. Havent tried moving apps to SD , i guess its somewhat not possible.Workable cos, 16 GB is more than enough for apps and you can get 64GB for other stuff like Music, Videos and Photos. 
3. 
 
I would suggest you to go for this device if you are ready to spend 20k or more cos other Samsung mobiles in this Range really suck !! (Grand, Grand Quattro, Mega(very low ppi and stupid screen size))Man, you don't have this phone? You don't know what TECHNOLOGY is..Here's the Galaxy Note II. Amazing. Superb. Stunning. Add any good word, and the Note II is exactly the same. The screen is 10 on 10. The animations or the effects the phone delivers, 10 on 10- they make you so happy! As if the phone is acting on your orders! The phone is so much full of features. You can ACTUALLY see the multitasking being done-LIVE. This feature is called Split-Screen Multitasking. You're messaging someone, and surfing the web simultaneously! 
The phone is SIMPLY beautiful! Go buy it even if Flipkart sells it at eighty thousand!SIMPLY WOW!!!!!!.Though I did not purchase it from flipkart as I wz running out of patience to get my hand on ds beast even fr atleast one day which I knw flipkart wld hv delivered in... Newyz moving on to the PHABLET as Samsung puts it, one word/opinion &quot;Jz go fr it&quot; wdout any secnd thought as it is a milestone handset from Samsung n never be wiped away frm consumer's mind fr atleat 2-3 yrs n top f dt it will get update on OS, I will nt go into the specs as a lot have already been said and talked abt dese. I am using it fr da last 4 days and m simply loving it, be it da form factor, hw it feels on your hand wn u hold it n walk around holding it, the mesmerising HD AMO display, the web browsing, the buttery smooth touch response etc etc. 
 
In conclusion: If your budget is 30k and you PHABLET fan, dnt wait fr a nano second and grab it... YOU will NOT regret!!!!!The Best Gadget Ever !!!.Loved the way you can attach a picture with your respective notes. The big screen make things easier to read and give the user a great experience with games as well. It is a user friendly phone.After using Nokia N8 for almost 3 years, i switched to Samsung galaxy note 2 and yesssssss, i can feel the difference every moment.My roommate owns a Samsung galaxy S4 but i don't even feel like having that phone no matter how many more features it may acquire. 
 
PHONE: Used mainly as a speaker phone with note taking capabilities or multi-tasking of any other kind including the ability to view and join contacts to the current call or text a quick message based on your current call. Bluetooth enabled for privacy and hands-free with exceptional range and voice-command options. Large dialer perfect for driving or the visually impaired. 
 
TABLET: With the Quad-Core and 2GB of RAM; enhanced video playback, gaming and photo editing is smooth and full featured. The ease-of-use for web browsing and navigation is increased with the enhanced S Pen which also acts like a mouse. The keyboard is large and easy to navigate with a number of input options already pre-loaded including improved handwriting recognition.The digital Artist!.I have been a fan of samsung phones since days when C 100 was as popular as the Note lineup. I always knew they had something in their display that sets them apart and now the world acknowledges it. I have rode the Note path before and the experience of using Note 1 was something rather revolutionary and that compelled me to go for Note 2. Note 2 unlike the predecessor is not in unchartered waters and enjoys the premium of a successor to the device for which the term Phablet was coined and lives upto it. 
The 2nd edition Phablet is by no means restricted and uses the full prowess of the quad core processor and the 2 gigs of team. Many out there might also be not aware that it has a dedicated quad core graphics processor (MALI 400 MP) as well and it makes splendid use of it. I felt the need to write this review at this point because recently I noticed people getting confused between mega 6.3 and note 2 and I would like to assert that preferring note 2 over mega 6.3 should be a no brainer. Mega is no where close to what note 2 offers. The SAMOLED HD display itself should seal the deal.I have been using it for over seven months now and believe me I have never seen it hesitate. Throw at it whatever you can think of and it handles it better than what one would expect. At a point out of curiosity I ran 80 apps in parallel and it never bothered for a hick up and isn't that the true purpose of smartphone. For Media consumption you always have that big Plasma TV or should you prefer the Mega. The s pen on note 2 keeps getting better with every firmware update and now it literally recognises the ugliest of my scribblings. The JB 4.2.2 is on its way and then it can definitely be matched to S4 in terms of all the eye candy it offers. One more thing you would have noticed that the titanium grey color option is limited to note2 and that makes it look exclusive. It gives the Phablet a clinch&egrave; of its own and a sophisticated look. I am sure to use this device atleast till Note 3/4 pushes some revolutionary boundaries.Review written from S pen itselfAmazing Value for Money Product in today`s scenario.This review is totally based on Usage after a months time with the Note 2. 
 
1.This set Never hangs ( i did`nt find any force closes or lags or force restarts ) 
2.Have played HD games like Modern Combat 4, Nova 3,Asphalt 8, Dead Trigger  2(with max settings),Wild Blood, RR3, NFSMW and the game plays have been superb. 
3.Camera is good but not the best. Night shots in low light did have grains.Day shots are excellent. Video recording is also great. 
4. Android 4.3 Update has made the device even smoother than before. KitKat update scheduled around April 2014 (as per leaked reports on the web) 
5.Net surfing is a pleasure on the sharp and clear HD large Screen and there is absolutely no stutter in the stock browser ,although Chrome at times is a bit jittery but hardly noticeable unless compared to the stock browser. 
6.With the 4.3 update Touchwiz is very fluid and responsive 
7. Battery life: Now this is totally usage dependent. In my experience with the Note 2 , with about 4 hours of screen time,Voice calls around 2 hrs and some average gaming for around 30 mins or so i get a backup of 12 hours easily and data/wifi remains on. Without Data/wifi i do get around 30 plus hours . Wifi although drains the battery faster IMO. 
 
Now not all things are rosy for this Beast of a device. While playing a few graphic intensive games like Real Racing 3 or MC4 the upper back side of the phone heats up ,but since the soc is a quad core powerhouse and makes the phone run buttery smooth and fast this can be overlooked. 
 
A day after purchasing this phone , without installing any games or any other 3rd party apps and after clearing the RAM, I ran the Antutu Benchmark on this set and got an impressive score of 21385 ,for a hardware config over a year old. NenaMark 2 gave me a fps of 58. I was confused between the LG G pro and Note 2 and finally settled for this because of the most distinguishing feature ..the S Pen and the Software update to 4.3 
 
Final Opinion : Guys , although the Note 3 is out , this is still a monster of a device and can handle all your daily needs impeccably . And for those Android junkies like me if you want note 3 features just root your device and install the Tigra or the DN3 ROMs and you can enjoy all the software goodies (Air command ,Pen window ,magazine,etc) of the note 3 on your note 2. Cheers ! 
.Note 2 is a breeze and battery king ..Bought note 2 . Its breeze on the phone . Good call quality , Better screen . And virtually no lag . Android has lag thats minimal on note 2 . I dont say it doesnt lag totally . However Kudos to flipkart service as usual . Ordered on Saturday afternun and got it on sunday. though they dont work on sunday they delivered this :) . 
 
On the phone . I have used this phone extensively havent found any trouble as of now . I trusted flipkart for their service and they didnt upset me . The phone battery rocks . with 20 hours standby and 2.5 hours screen time that too when i started the phone from 50% battery left . Regarding touchwiz its smooth but they could have done better job with customizations though . and on software part its smooth but not the smoothest of all . Note 3 is the smoothest of all . Its defintiely fast and nice to scroll on screen and to be frank the only part I found bad is lack of accessories on indian sites . The amazon US has products like otterbox defender series case . 
 
The Ncase I got its good but the problem is I cant put the cover on attach headph on it and listen to song and still keep the cover on . I have to take the phone out of the Ncase cover . The headph is on odd side and the power button shd have been on top rather than being on side . cause while holding the phone inside case lots of times the button gets pressed . But apart from these minor issues the phone quality is superb . Thought plastic is cheap but defintiely the grey brushed one is lot premium in look and feel compared to its white sibling :)PORTABILITY FACTOR !!!!!.I own a SGS3 And a HTC ONE X . I have also Used Galaxy NOTE and NOTE -2 . The phablet sure does have Killer Specs. But The con is the larger screen that has been made LONGER and less BROADER. 
 
From Personal Usage I say This that U mostly about 90% of the times Drop down the NOTIFICATION BAR... to check message updates , turn on wifi, adjust brghtness, bluetooth etc. etc. etc. The size Of the Phone makes using It Irritating at times Coz u Got to use both Hands Simultaneously.... 
 
Owning a SGS3 beforehand I did not find the Phone WOW in looks... It was Average for me... 
 
The features of both Samsung Note -2 and SGS3 phones are excellent as well as handy. The bigger display Of NOTE -2 surely does Enhance the Internet and the Multimedia Experience. 
 
The only con Of this phone I mentioned Above.... 
 
I wud Conclude by saying that If u are Looking for an upgrade for ur phone.. Then personally Use both SGS3 and NOTE -2 and decide for urself only on basis of Size... oderwise both are excellent phones.... 
 
Cheers Guys 
NeerajRaw elegance &amp; amazing experience.Samsung Galaxy Note 2! Yes it is Note 2 and after lot of ifs, buts and thought process coupled with storming sessions with my friends and family members, I decided it has to be note 2 or else people must be fool to give 5 stars and reviewing the said product more than so many times. I was using Samsung Omnia W I8350 and gave it in exchange and additional 10% cash back for using one private bank's credit card and the final price was Rs 24,750/-!!! Would you believe it!!! Its a stunning deal with an amazing phone in your hand and guess what, the phone was already updated to Android 4.3! No questions asked, Flipkart's delivery is awesome folks. 3 day delivery for a normal delivery thingy is one thing which will blow you apart. 
 
Pros: The battery back up is awesome and I am not gonna write any other pro as it is already mentioned on the website for over 1000 times. 
 
Cons: Little big on your hands. 
 
Its a must buy for all those folks who are looking for a phone under 30k. 
 
Final verdict: Go for it. 
 
Thank you Sachin!A Complete Smartphone/Phablet.Hi , I was using HTC Wildfire S prior to this device and had some real internal memory issues. As a customer we tend to be smart and want maximum out of the money we put into such things. To be honest i always thought spending more than 10-12 k on a phone was a wastage. As i had to change my device cos the old one was getting on my nerves. I decided to go for a decent smartphone like HTC , Samsung , may me high end Micromax. As i got a decent exchange offer for my old device i pushed my limits and bought the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. I am a content buyer :) 
 
PROS for the device 
 
1. Battery backup (3100 mAh) is really good unlike a smartphone (Runs 1.25 days or may be more) 
2. Currently running 88 Apps including heavy games and still left with ample memory to double my app count. 
3. S Pen is really Cool !! 
4. Not to mention Tech Specs : I guess you know it all by now. 
5. Large Screen Size and Display. Trust me i havent used my ipad since then :) 
6. Decent Camera and amazing picture quality. Best buddy for travel. 
 
CONS (Work It Out): 
 
1. The earphones they provide have a good sound quality but low output. You probably have the good ones already. 
2. Havent tried moving apps to SD , i guess its somewhat not possible.Workable cos, 16 GB is more than enough for apps and you can get 64GB for other stuff like Music, Videos and Photos. 
3. 
 
I would suggest you to go for this device if you are ready to spend 20k or more cos other Samsung mobiles in this Range really suck !! (Grand, Grand Quattro, Mega(very low ppi and stupid screen size))Samsung Galaxy Note II: Incredibly good and extremely useful phone..I bought Galaxy Note II about three weeks ago from Flipkart. On exchange offer with my old Nokia phone. Cash-on-delivery. Excellent service, fast delivery. Very professional. 
 
Very impressed and satisfied with the phone. The stylus-based S-pen feature is very good, which is my reason for buying the phone. I have yet to fully get used to the phone and all its features which are plenty. I could not find a detailed user manual/guide on the web which covers everything about the phone, and so, getting to know and fully getting used to the phone is taking time. As a serious business user, I feel that such a manual would have been very useful in many ways. 
 
Without the S-pen feature, I would not have chosen this phone, but would have preferred a windows 8 phone. If there were a windows 8 phone with built-in Wacom digitizer and S-pen-like facility, I would have certainly preferred it over the Galaxy Note II. 
 
Upgraded memory to a total of 80 gb - 16 gb of the phone, and 64 gb of Class 10 Sandisk MIcroSD card, also bought from Flipkart. Works very well. 
 
The back-cover of the battery compartment is incredibly delicate! Can't believe that Samsung could not give us a sturdier back for such an expensive phone. This applies also to the Samsung Flip cover which I did not buy because it replaces the existing cover with a back made of the same material - no enhanced protection. 
 
Pros: 
Excellent phone with generous amount of rich and useful features. 
Excellent display. 
Very good battery life. 
Excellent S-pen feature with Wacom digitizer. 
 
Cons: 
Poor quality back cover (battery compartment) of questionable protection value. 
No manual/user guide to cover all aspects of this feature-rich incredibly good phone.Class above Optimus G Pro.I see a lot of reviews comparing this to the Optimus G Pro. I recently purchased it from here and had to return it due to some manufacturing issues. I then purchased a Note2 instead. In my detailed testing over last week, the Note2 is a much better phablet. 
For starters, the screen is super clear and pleasing even at 5% brightness. The camera is super clear even at low light without any smudging. The in-build speakers are also very clear and loud outdoors. 
I updated the device to android 4.3 after buying it and the tablet is even smoother than before. Just remember to factory reset your device before and after the upgrade in order to avoid some bizarre battery problems being reported by folks on the web. 
The phone also feels light and comfortable to hold and use for long periods of time without even becoming warm. 
I havent even started exploring all the possibilities of the S-Pen yet but even at 3-5K more than the Optimus, this device is a good buy at least for my usage patterns. 
I dont think there are any other phablets even close to the capabilities of this device even after 1 year of introduction in the Indian market.Good Phone! But not satisfied with the piece i got!.This is an awesome phone..Really its worth buying! :) I bought this phone with the reviews which i found in Flipcart. All reviews were really helpful to choose this awesome phone. 
But i am not fully satisfied with the product which i received. I am talking about the manufacturing defect. The first piece i received had its left side of its screen bulging outside. I report this issue and got replaced the product soon. But the problem is that, the product which is replaced is also having the some screen issue. The left side of the screen is pressing little up and down. at times the screen bulges outside a very little..i would say very little. That would not be a serious issue. But when i spent a substantial amount to buy a phone like this, it really matters. But apart this small manufacturing defect, rest everything is super awesome!!! May be just this piece i got has this issue!! Not blaming flipcart and the seller. They did really good job. Received the product on time. Thanks a lot!!Awesome phone..This is the best phone I have ever used. Its fast, nice display, SPEN is great for creative work and notes. Sound is good and for watching videos, gaming and reading this is a perfect device. To say about battery , I am a moderate user and it last for more than a day easily. To say, I am a proud owner of Note 2. 
 
Pros: 
1.6 GHZ quad core exynos A9 SOC is great for gaming and multitasking. 
ARM Mali-400 MP4 GPU provides good graphics. 
Supported by 2 GB of ram lag never seen. 
3100 MAH battery is great and you can stay away from charger for 1.5 days with moderate use. 
Display is HD with 1280*720. Nice for videos and gaming and reading as well. 
16 GB inbuilt is good but expansion slot is a great addition. 
Excellent WIFI and 3G reception. 
 
Cons: 
Updates are becoming a problem with Samsung as there is a big delay. 
Device is still at 4.1.2 JB. As 4.4 KK is out. 
Who ever uses this will get addicted.. He he.... not sure if its a pro or a con. 
 
To sum up, even if Note 3 is out this still is a great deal. Since its expected to get all the basic features of Note 3 , this will never disappoint you. 
 
Go For IT guys !!!!Best in the Better.Wow. Its been little more than a week using this phablet and the experience is awesome. The only reason I waited for buying this phone was because of its huge size, understanding that it may not fit into the pocket but believe me once you bought this phone and started working on it, you will think that size should have not been below this. It's perfectly fits into jeans pocket but person who use to keep phone in shirt pocket have to change their habbit. S-pen is awesome and it help me sending online Diwali greeting with my handwritten wishes. I would love to bought this phone from flipkart but I got with flip cover in the same rate from elsewhere (Diwali scheme). I really respect flipkart service. Feature wise this phone beats everyone currently present in the market and certainly will compete the upcoming one. So in all those who are planning to buy a good phone having enough money in their pocket, don't hesitate in buying this beast as its a value for money. For a month I read many reviews and finally bought one.Fantastic Device - Samsung Galaxy Note 2.Hi folks! 
 
Bought Note 2 about ten days ago and I think I am in a better position to write a review on it. Got this beast for 28,500 INR from a local store. Just don't understand the absurd pricing strategy of Flipkart. I am a big fan of Flipkart but the way they have priced this phone has really put me off. Anyway, if you are planning to buy this phone, please find a local store. 
 
Coming to the point now. 
 
I am sure a lot's already been talked about how fast/good this phone is and I wouldn't deep dive into it. I would however say this - It is one of the best phones at this price range. Yes, there are occasional lags/shuttering which I am sure has nothing to do with the hardware or phone. We all know Android is notoriously known for poor calibration between hardware and software. And. they are still waaaaaay behind iOS/Windows platforms when it comes to Optimization between device's hardware and operation system. Jelly Bean has definitely managed to curb these lags to a great extent but Android has still some work to do. 
 
The phone flaunts great specs on paper (quad core processor, powerful GPU, 2 GB RAM etc.) and if you wonder about the real life performance, believe me, you have come to the right place. This phone is butter smooth, fast, elegant, powerful and so much fun to use. This is by far the fastest android phone available in the market (obviously after Google Nexus 4, which I think is a sheer performer). I think I have never loved/enjoyed any of my earlier phones/devices as I have been enjoying this beautiful work by Samsung. 
 
Some of the positives are - 
 
S-Pen, I think is one of the USPs of this phone. I am in so much love with using S-Pen. You really have to use it first before you can even start appreciating this great engineering work. 
 
Camera is JUST brilliant. Pics shot at good lighting conditions would surprise me every time I use it. The quality is just WOW! Nothing great in low light conditions but having said that, it is still way better than other smart phones' camera. Excellent! 
 
Screen is one of the reasons why I did not buy any other phone. IT IS JUST AWESOME. 5.5&quot; Super AMOLED display with decent PPI of 267 is just too good for any media content. I think it is THE best mobile device available in the market when it comes to multimedia and surfing internet. 
 
1.6 Quad Core processor with 2 GB RAM allows this device to perform heavy duty tasks with so much ease. Playing HD games, watching Full HD videos/movies feels like heaven really.. 
 
Battery life is again one of the reasons this device caught my attention. I spend good number of hours surfing internet, playing games, taking few calls and still this phone gives me 24 hour battery life. Given the screen size, heavy duty processor and GPU, I think this is just amazing! 
 
Some negatives (or areas of opportunity) - 
 
Occasional lags. As I mentioned earlier, Android OS is the culprit here. The phone however has no other complaint in terms of processing speed. 
 
Little bulky! Yes, the phone would feel little heavy for initial days but it wont be any matter, as you spend few days with it. 
 
OVERALL, I am very happy with the phone and recommend to buy this phone if you are looking for a no-nonsense stuff. I rate this phone 4.5/5!Thank you samsung..!!!.This is a genuine review coz i just bought note 2 from local market 4 hours ago...!! 
 
I was confused between waiting for price drops in s4 or other high end but i was in a hurry in buying so i bought the &quot;NOTE 2&quot; 
 
Trust me guys the feel of superamoled is awesome as it does not causes strain on ur eyes like other superbright lcd screens on xperia z, nexus to name a few and colors look great and alive 
 
Massive battery will surely add cherry on user exp. 
 
Build quality is also great as i was wondering all plastic will kill the looks but trust me in corporate, people are now prefering and switching to samsung from iphone as it does nt provide any &quot;VALUE&quot; to the customer... but i personally like its build quality its awesome. 
 
I want to comment also that note 3 is going to be a killer and it will surely wipe out all the phablet as its specs are mind blowing..USB 3.0, 4k Video playbak and last and most imp the may SUPERAMOLED display and that too full hd OMG..!! 
 
S4 display is unbelievably great, colours come alive and its just superb...good going samsung. 
 
Real respect..!! of course i am going to give 5 stars to this great huge phone. 
Go ahead and buy it before it stock out.PARADISE !!! PERIOD..Many reviews are there for this awesome colossal phone yet I thought of writing one. It is highly customisable on the software if you are a root user. I got this phone few months back. Its still a dream set though it is the flagship of 2012. First lets go through its Pros and Cons. 
PROS: 
1)Large display(5.5&quot; ) with pentile matrix having 3 subpixel per pixel(better clarity) 
2)Nice PPI(267) .Though it seems lower than the present full HD phones and also lower than HD phones with smaller screen size the SUPER AMOLED makes up for it heavily. 
3)The S pen has many features. May not be useful to some but its fun to have it. 
4)Cortex A9 @ 1.6ghz. Breezes through most games with practically no lag, Games like Real Racing 3 and Asphalt 7 runs without any hiccups. 
5)The 8 megapixel snapper at the back does great too. Capable of 1080p and also good quality low light photos.Front camera is bonus with good resolution as well. 
6)Multi-window and Smart Rotation adds to the cart as well, Though I didn't use it much , its a good show off I guess(After all you are spending so many bucks on the phone ;) ) 
7)Micro sd support upto 64 gb ! Great if you are a MUSIC and FHD videos fanatic, 
8)NFC :- Just to be future proof ! 
9)2 GB ram - Only the Note 3 betters it as of now. Enough to handle all the bloatwares associated with the TouchWiz addon from Samsung. 
10)3100 mah Battery - A big boost. At the time of its release only one of the Motorola Droids had better. 
CONS: 
1)No HDMI port. Though its not an essential , yet many would prefer to see a direct link to the FHD TV's or the UHD TV's now available. 
2)Wifi connectivity fiddles when you are more then 4-5 meters away from the router, (Can get irritating at times) 
3)Mali 400 gpu and not ADRENO 3xx series. Though this gpu is fast enough , yet it gives a trolled FPS in the AnTuTu Benchmark. Its 3d Score is significantly lower compared to other Androids using the ADRENO Gpus. 
4)No metal UNIBODY - Yes definitely its good looking but that plastic finish feels a bit off the premium level. Atleast Design could have been better . Its hard to distinguish for the common flare between a Galaxy Grand and a Galaxy Note 2 from the front. 
5)Sound is a bit low. One would prefer docks if one is soundaholic :D. 
 
Basically the PROS bury the CONS! 
 
The PHONE can be customised heavily. If one is an android root user, then he/she will be delighted with the number of custom roms available for this device. I managed to get an AnTuTu score of 21895 on my custom rom which is better than Sony Xperia Z, (a 2013 flagship phone). The phone doesn't tend to heat up too much. The S note feature is great one with people wanting to take quick notes as the App pops ups when you remove the S-Pen .(You can disable the settings too ) . The sound level is low as a mentioned before , but the in ear headphones gives a nice quality.Video playback is great too. 
 
ALL IN ALL THIS IS ONE GEM OF A MOBILE HANDSET. A ONE YOU SURELY WANT TO HAVE AND WON'T REGRET THE BUCKS YOU SPENT ON IT. DEFINITELY , A MUST BUY !!samsung is samsung.i recently buy galaxy note 2. it is very good phone for whatevery u want to use. iphone 5 is nothing. so go for galaxy note2 
 
Pros: 
 1] 5.5 Inch (Huge) Super HD AMOLED Screen. 
 2] Ergonomical design to be handled easily (you can use this phone even with 1 hand) 
 3] S Pen - and it functionalities - ( there are so many shortcuts to number of functionalities, you won't need Home, Back buttons) 
 4] Smooth - Operations 
 5] Whopping 2GB of RAM &amp; 16GB inbuilt memory ( you can use 10.75 GB only out of this, but no issues). 
 6] 3100 mAh Battery - it works almost 1.5 days for me. 
 7] Great, rather I would say enhanced functionalities than SIII (in it own domain) 
 8] Best for Business purpose as well as entertainment, Multifunctional usage (this Firmware Upgrade is not confirmed yet). 
 9] Great Camera Quality &amp; functionalities. 
 10] Finally, Great user experience.Good phone but highly overpriced!!!!!!.Please dont waste such a lot of money on this phone ...overall the phone is good..i used it for a month and got rid of it..very big phone very uncomfortable software and hardware wise its good but then its not that practical and price is too high..samsung is just a step better than chinese phones..build quality is very poor..slippery glossy and big size very hard to carry i dropped it thrice in one month thankfully didnt break and i sold it for 30 k ..go for micromax canvas instead and save money buy a hd tv instead ..i will never buy a samsung phone not until they start spending more on research and less on publicity!!!!SAMSUNG IF YOU DESIGN PHONES FOR HUMANS THEN WHY DON'T YOU SHOW HUMANITY WHILE PRICING IT.Guys This Phone Is Awesome 
But 36k For A Phone 
 You Can Buy A LCD TV , AC etc . 
You Also Can Invest It In Stocks And Shares And Enjoy The Dividend 
Technology Is Changing Day By Day . Tommorow Samsung Is Gonna Come Up With Samsung Galaxy S4 Apple With Iphone 6. Then You May Find This Phone Outdated . 
Waste Of 36K 
I Insist That By A Phone Which Is Somewhere Within 15K - 20K And Will Remain In The Market And IS Useful . 
This Phone Is For People Who Are Designers And Executives Or Some One Who Has Real Value . But Not For Show off 
 
 OVERALL THIS IS AN AWESOME PHONE REALLY SMART BUT THINK TWICE BEFORE SPENDING 36KAlmost as good as a tablet.Using it for the past 40 days. Previously had &quot;Galaxy Ace Duos&quot; which has 3.5 inches screen. So this is a huge leap ahead for me in terms of screen size. Was contemplating S3, S4 and Note2. Did not have a compelling reason to use any of the new features in S4. Also the Full HD screen seems to have 441 PPI which is not recognizable much by us. And then I got the 10,000 Rs exchange offer for Note 2 which meant paying 27,500 for Note 2 or S3. :-) Which meant I finally buy Note 2. 
 
*) It is really awesome to watch HD videos 
*) Reading books is also cool 
*) Chrome makes browsing almost the same as in Laptop 
*) Reading mails with pictures is also cool. 
*) Did not use the stylus much yet 
*) Maps is really cool 
*) Android 4.1.2 rocks 
*) Video calls are with high resolution. 
*) Battery comes to somewhere between 24 to 36 hours 
*) For normal phone calls it may look very big, but not very bad. 
 
All in all a very good substitute for laptop in the absence of it.&hearts;&hearts; Just one word &quot;DAMN&quot; !!! &hearts;&hearts;.I bought this mobile from a local shop in Andheri @29000. It is one of best devices ever made. 2GB Ram makes FIFA 12, Asphalt 7 run sooooo smooth. Love d feel of graphics &hearts;&hearts; awesome man. 
 
Please do make NOTE that this is a creative phone quite different from other. 
 
There are quite a bit of gestures available. 
 
Example:1. When you pick up the device after it has been idle for some time or when the screen has turned off, it vibrates if you have missed calls or new messages. Howzdat for a gesture. 
 
2. While you are checking mails or contacts in a page and you reach the end of the page, simply Double-tap the device to move to the top of a list of contacts or emails.U need not scroll all d way to the top. Just double tap. 
 
I was very thoughtful to put 30000 in a phone or not, searched lot of stuff, saw igyaan bla bla.. but man this is serious.Even the tech guru agrees with it. 
 
Worth your money guys n girls. 
 
Thanks for reading...Piyush&quot;Best phone I have ever used.&quot;.I've been using this phone from feb 13 now and i can rightly tell you this is best phone Best phone I have ever used. It is very fast with its 1.6 GHz Quad Core Cortex-A9 Processor and 2gb ram. screen is absolute joy to look at with the vibrant colors. Its very good even for reading eBooks &amp; browsing. The multiwindow really shows the phones capability.The biggest advantage of this is phone is its battery life. You can forget the charger for the weekend trip &amp; still expect the charge to be present when you return. I even got 3 days with about 2 hr WiFi usage per day with 1-2 hour video per day and other tasks. Stylus is something unique to this phone and Samsung has succeeded to a great extent in it. My only complain is they could have have improved the built quality nevertheless it is still a solid phone. Also hoping they will add the screen recorder function as advertised. If you don't mind using a large phone(it is still pocketable). now i ordered my Second Samsung Galaxy Note 2 mobile phone from flipkart and also get 15% cash back with 12 months EMI option.Best phone in the market!.the note 2 has everything except for dual sim (not really needed for me). the s-pen feature is unique only to this one and the older note. trust me the performance of this beast is so good that any application will easily run and the refinement and UI are so nice that any other phone you use will feel sub par. do not listen to people who complain about the huge size, u will definitely get used to it in a couple of days and it easily fits into your jeans or front shirt pocket. when you buy the note 2 you buy a supreme quality product which will serve you for years to come and the advanced hardware will not disappoint you even after 2-3 years. I feel very happy having bought it and would recommend it to anyone who can afford it (do not buy if your budget is less than 15k) but if you do be prepared to receive amazed and jealous glances from anyone who looks at it. it beats every other phone, not only in looks but in performance and features as well. It is definitely recommended for people who want to do everything they can with their smartphones and trust the battery to last at least a day (with heavy usage) and 2 days (moderate usage) or 3 days even!!( with light usage). the number of features and cool stuff that is packed into it are too many to list here, but rest assured that apart from dual sim, there is nothing this powerful phablet cannot do. only cons according to me- 
1. the phone needs proper cover (protection to prevent any damage if it falls/bumps) 
2. the premium-ness of this phone will suck you in and other phones will pale in comparison. :)BST.Useful Interesting Features of Galaxy Note 2, rather than the common features 
 
First to mention, before buying this Beast: Galaxy Note 2, i had read a lot of reviews here in Flipkart on this mobile, but Max of them were on the common features that almost everyone knows from like the: 
 
-5.5 screen 
-Quad-Core 
-2GB RAM 
-Super AMOLED capacitive Touchscreen 
-16GB Internal 
-64GB External Expandable 
-Camera: 8MP(Main), 1.9(Front) 
-NFC 
-OS: Android Jelly Bean 
-GPU: Mail-400MP 
-Stylus Pen 
 
Yes, i agree, these are the Excellent Features which other phones cannot compete easily, 
BUT, there are loads of other interesting stuffs that any TECH SAVY person will like a lot!!! 
 
After buying this Galaxy Note 2 last week, i had been trying to figure out the extra features that this beast offers in excess to the mentioned above ones. 
Some of them are as follows: 
 
-First of all, the most attractive feature that i really liked was the Motion Sensor Capabilities that this beast is offering. 
Let me note down some of them as tested by me: 
 
1) To unlock the device with motion, tap and hold a point on the screen, and then tilt the device forwards. 
2) When you pick up the device after it has been idle for some time or when the screen has turned off, it vibrates if you have missed calls or new messages. 
3) While viewing a call, a message, or contact details on the phone screen, simply pick up and hold the device to your ear to make a call to that number. 
4) Tap and hold an item on the screen, and then move the device to the left or right to move the item to another panel on the Home screen or the Applications screen in that direction. 
5) When an image is zoomed in, tap and hold a point on the screen, and then move the device in any direction to browse the image. 
6) While you are cheking mails or contacts in a page and you reach the middle or the last of the list, simply Double-tap the device to move to the top of a list of contacts or emails. 
7) While the screen is locked, tap and hold the screen, and then rotate the device to landscape orientation to launch the camera. 
8) Turn over the device(making it lie down with back-side up) to mute ringtone, pause media playback, or mute the FM radio. 
9) Shake the device to search for Bluetooth devices. 
10) Shake the device to update the list of emails or information from Yahoo News, Yahoo Finance etc. 
11) Sweep your hand sideways across the screen from right to left to capture a screenshot. 
12) Cover the screen with a palm to pause media playback. Move it away from the screen to resume. 
13) Tap and hold two points on the screen, and then tilt the device back and forth to zoom in or out. 
14) When the touch screen is turned off, move your hand across the Proximity/Light sensor to 
turn on the screen lightly and view the number of missed calls and new messages, the battery 
power level, and more. 
 
The above are the special features that this phone provides in respect to various motions. 
 
- Secondly, like the Galaxy S3, it has the Smart Stay, which enables the phone to keep the screen on as long as you are looking at it. 
When you close your eyes or move away from looking into the screen, the Phone screen will automatically turn off. 
 
- Thirdly, with the Quad-core processor and 2GB RAM, Gamers will really love this phone since some VERY HIGH RESOLUTION GAMES are just running with not a single point of lag in this phone. 
 
- Fourthly, You would luv to watch videos in this phone due to itz big screen and the very good quality videos running smoothly. 
 
- Fifthly, Music quality is really very good and descent. Radio works perfect. 
 
- Sixthly, SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) Level is relatively low(The lower the Better) for the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 in comparision to other phones: 
 
Galaxy Note 2: 0.171 W/kg 
Galaxy Note: 0.39 W/kg 
Galaxy S3: 0.342 W/kg 
Galaxy S2: 0.338 W/kg 
iPhone 4S: 0.98 W/kg 
iPhone 5: 0.951 W/kg 
HTC One X: 0.909 W/kg 
 
Apart from the above mentioned features: 
- I have not tested with the camera yet since i already have a Digital Camera. 
But as read from reviews, the camera is quite good in its capabilities, with 1.9 front camera is just great. 
 
- Also not tested with the full capability of the Stylus Pen, since it has loads of functionalities that has to be checked in details :-) 
 
So simply after examining withlots of such exciting features, it simply stands out tall in the market.The Best Smartphone in the market!!!.Well, there are no words to describe this monster of a Phone. It's just EPIC!!! For starters, it just does EVERYTHING. You can't ask for more in a smartphone. Note taking, S-pen, Jelly Bean, Quad Core, Super Fast, Awesome Camera, Amazing Screen, Awesome Web Browsing and Gaming, Brilliant Battery Life, you just name it and this beast has it. So in short it's just &quot;NOTABULOUS&quot;. Here are my pros and cons: 
 
---&gt; PROS: 
 
1) Amazing Screen with 5.5&quot; and Super Amoled NON-PENTILE HD Display which just throws life in everything. 
2) Quad Core CPU with Jelly Bean just gets the job done in seconds. 
3) S-pen is the best thing which just takes the experience to the next level. 
4) Amazing for watching movies and playing games. 
5) Fast Web Browsing and makes reading an ease. 
6) Good for Office as well as personal use. 
7) Absolute Mammoth Battery Life. 
 
---&gt; CONS: 
 
1) Well, it's not suitable for Small Hands and for those who don't like Big Screen Phones. 
2) As PPI is only 267, it's not super sharp as the S3 but still clear enough. 
3) Sometimes it lags but it only happens on some rare occasions. 
4) As it's Super Amoled, so the Whites are a little Warm, Hence the colors look a little over-saturated and won't give it a natural look. Some like it while some don't like it but overall it looks Amazing. 
 
So those who have some money to cash in then they can definitely opt for the Note 2. But if you can wait for a month or two, then you'll be in treat for the Samsung Galaxy S4 which is the next Best Thing. But for now the Note 2 is the Best option. So just 3 Words for this super-phone: 
 
&quot;NOTE2 IS GOD&quot;.Exchange Offer : Rip Off.I bought Note 2 when the discount was 10k (Samsung Smart Upgrade Offer)..5k instant cash back and 5k on return of the old phone...months down the line and am still waiting for the    remaining 5k after i gave my old phone back.....calls to customer care only ended with them telling me that i must be mad to ask for 5k more discount wen ive already got 5k instant cash back...... neways...just a reflection of how ignorant flipkart;s own people are about their own offers... .. 
the phone on the other hand, an absolute gem of a device...have almost stoppd using my laptop...hasnt hung even once and great battery backup..... 
If ur looking for the exchange offer, even local samsung dealers offer the same offer....will save u the time and effort of numerous calls and emails regarding the exchange of the old phone and refunds!!!!!!! 
Flipkart has definitely lost its charm for me :-(best phone.before buying this phone i was using s3 .I will be writing review of note 2 in comparission to S3 . I was not sure whether to buy note 2 or continue using s3 .i read lot of reviews on youtube , checked phones at mobile show rooms and finally decided to buy note 2 . 
I tell u , this is best phone with best features .its processor is much faster than s3 . camera quality is also good . battery back up is excellent . on paper its ppi is less than s3 and many other phones , but in reality the screen quality is excellent . samsung has used RGB technology with great care which makes screen look more clear and vibrant . 
only thing which goes against note 2 is its size . But i tell u once u start using , after 2-3 days u will not find this phone big . and any phone which is bigger than 4&quot; , cannot be used with one hand . u have to use both hands . 
buy this phone , u will definitely enjoy .Drool... Drool... till you not own it.SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 2 
 
GOD of Smart Phones... Zeus.. Beast.. Super phone... iPhone smasher/eater/killer.. 
 
Massive screen.. ultimate device with Mighty mind blowing quad core with huge 2 gig of RAM.. 
 
True feeling of technological enlightenment.. 
 
Pure gadgetry ecstasy. 
 
Just have to wait 4 days more.. then.. I will be a proud owner of this phone. Going to dump my HTC One X.. its been wonderful 6 months with HOX.. now its time to say good bye.This is the BEst Smartphone Ever! Ever! Samsung is Huge!.The world has not seen any better smartphone yet. 
This this is enormous! beautiful and makes a statement that none can match! 
Plus, it survived all the drop tests even from the heights of about 6 feets flat on face! Youtube it! 
 
Got it a few days ago and being a techie, i'd go with 5 stars for this product. for it's graphics capabilities (OClocked mali 400 GPU) and speed 1.6 GHZ QUAD!!!! you cant just get any wrong! 
 
if i had more 40 grands to spare, i'd have got this again! just for the love of it! looks amazing and works superbly! 
Highly recommended for the guys with average hands. small hands wont like it since it is BIG. but is absolutely perfect for many like me with average to big palms! 
if you're in a fix between IP5 and this...!! you already know the answer! 
I don't use my laptop anymore after i got this superb device! 
 
Do not forget to get a GENUINE flip covers with this! that makes it even more amazing!Really awesome smartphone : highly recommended for big screen fanatics.I will like to keep it short, since you hear the generic things from other reviewers. 
I love big screen mobiles and hence choosing note 2 was no eye-blinder. 
 
I have been using this for 6 months now and have even bought another one for my mom. 
I really like the touch and S NOTE is really incredible once you master it. 
 
Would recommend this to big screen lovers. I may be being biased towards Samsung, but other brands like sony and htc do not match Note 2 in terms of software/firmware. For the hardware specs mentioned this is the best available smartphone. :) :)Best in the Market!!.Ok so it's about 3 weeks I've been using this fabulous phone. I find it among the most powerful handsets in the market at the moment. The OS Android 4.1 Jelly Bean on board makes the device part of a really privileged club of gadgets, Beating the latest version of the Google mobile OS. The S Pen has also made quantum leaps compared to its predecessor..Awesome. 
 
All in all, the Samsung Galaxy Note II ticks many of the right boxes and deliver as great an experience as its international version. Normally, we'd say that's an offer you shouldn't miss, but given that the Galaxy Note II is also among the most expensive devices on the Indian market. 
 
Only disadvantages I see: 
Large size makes single-hand operation a bit problematic. 
Adobe has removed support on Jelly Bean so nothing wrong with the device however Flash currently does work. 
Doesn't have FM Radio. 
All Plastic Body.The BEAST with the BEST!!!.I bought this phablet last sunday, from a Samsung Store as I was much excited to grab one at the earliest. Hardly a week and all I can say is that NOTE 2 is the real BEAST. Ahead of S3. Those who are confused and comparing between Iphone 5 and Samsung, I would advise to go ahead with this phone because, NOTE 2 has much much more new features than Iphone5. Iphone is just a waste of money as I have used my friends IPhone5. 
 
Pros : 
1) 5.55&quot; Display makes watching HD videos fun also playing 3D games. 
2) 2GB RAM. Better than 1GB RAM of much expensive Iphone5. 
3) 1.6 GHz Quad Core Processor, which runs butter smooth. 
4) S-Pen for editing images on the go. 
5) Latest 4.1.1 JellyBean Android O.S. 
 
Cons : 
1) Plastic Body.(Well that is not a big issue ;) ) 
2) Can't use on a single hand esp in the night when you send messages ;). 
 
Overall the best phone of the 2012. Guys just grab it. No 2nd thought!!!Good phablet...encasing plastic!!!.The deal is good for the price tag of around 27-28k after which its not good enough cause Nexus 5 is just arrived!! 
 
First of all the most thing is just annoying you is the back panel cover which is too uncomfortable to open with, and seems like the cheap plastic which could not feel you premium class material instead of the glossy looks.so be careful to open this specially with flip cover if using with this. 
 
Note 2 doesn't have the Gorilla Glass! 
 
Samsung touch wiz is good enough but can't be give you premium looks as much as HTC sence 5.5. 
 
Android 4.3 update is now available in india so upgrade it to the latest one and if believe, rumors is positively indicating that this one can get the 4.4 by the April 2014 end. 
 
Jumbo battery never let you down for the entire whole day with heavy use like downloading with wi-fi, games etc. 
 
Overall is smart phablet but it's little bit hard to carry.The Bigger the Better.Using this awesome phbalet from past 3 days..! its just so good... those who r worrying about the size let me tell u... the big screen will just waaoow u.... its so good do daily stuff on the big screen... qwerty typing goes so well on this... on both orientations... there no lag of any sort as the hardware is so good.. screen is so crisp, s-pen works as a charm. 
Jelly bean is yummm...! n samsung gives the update for multi window muti-task i.e u can do 2 windows at a time like split screen as in NOte 10.1... I am Loving this Phablet... n m preety sure the one who buys is will not regret it in any sort... i must say Bigger the Better...! size is also a plus.. Samsung has done a very good job for the design, they have made full use of the size and don't worry guys its easily pocket-able.. I preferred Titanium grey color... it looks so classy than White..! Go for it guys..Cashback offer dosen't work!!.I recently purchased a Galaxy Note 2 which had 5% cash back offer. But, I'm yet to get the money back. I have been fighting over the issue from past 1 month and the issue is still not resolved. Was a bad experience shopping with Flipkart.Best Price under exchange offer Guys don't miss it !!!.Bought this Beauty 20 days ago from only 1 Spice outlet which obliged 2 exchange my nokia 5800 n think I was t only guy to get it in exchange for 5800 don't know n understand t crazy strategies of either Samsung or other retailers dat why can't 5800 b exchange when nokia 5233 which is half t price is eligible for exchange ?????? 
My 1st choice was HTC 1 but thank Samsung for that 10ooo off with 6 m months emi @ 0% int. 
Now for t pro's n con's. 
 
Pro's 
 
1) 2 gb ram is an asset guys believe me. 
2) I have never seen or heard of a toll free customer care so hats off 2 SAMSUNG for giving me a toll free customer care. 
3) My set came pre loaded with 4.1.2 jellybean so don't know t pros n cons of 4.1.1 
4) My phone works like a dream n smooth as butter but chrome has to go a long way in organising short cuts n desk top book marks as Opera mini is far better in organising. 
5) Sound in t external speaker is very good because of t size although I could see only 1 big speaker n was wondering how that could give stereo effect in t options ? ??? 
6)Inter face is quiet good. 
7) Camera is superb although I'm not a photo buff as I had a get together on t 2nd day of buying this phone n t burst mode option with 20 shots in 10 seconds is excellent. 
8) watching movies n video mode is good as I felt that it matched my 5800 in sound n video clarity was more in this by leaps n bounds. 
9) Last but not least guys battery back up is amazing as I initially bought an extra charger for my shop also n have hardly used it as t back up was decent in any mode of my operation like gaming-browsing-video-photos or video mode. 
10) S pen is a bonus guys. believe me although I've not explored it still my office going Nephew loved it although he uses iphone. 
 
As for t con's 
 
1) 4 STARS FOR T SIZING AS I'M A SMALL MAN N M HANDS ACHE WHILE USING T MOBILE.HOPE IT STOPS ACHING AFTER A FEW DAYS ? 
2) MY PHONE MEMORY SHOWS ONLY 10 GB IN TOTAL N NOT 16 GB AS IN T RECORDS ????? 
3) Pls remember to update Os t moment u buy t mobile as my set hung on day 2 WITH 1GB RAM FREE N VERY SIMPLE GAMES N BASIC APPS. 
but Samsung cust care was very kind to solve t prob online only although I hated magadi road service centre's visit in bangalore for its fish market scenario n most horrible service n a looooong Que. 
4) Have given 4 Stars only for t Size Am unhappy n SILENT PROTESTING Samsung'S DECISION TO LAUNCH 1GB RAM IN INDIAN S3 ALTHOUGH SOUND WOULD'VE BEEN LESS WHEN COMPARED TO NOTE 2 
5) LASTLY GUYS BE CAREFUL WHEN USING LIMITED DATA PACKS N KEEP T MOBILE DATA MODE IN OFF MODE IF U R NOT USING T NET ALL DAY AS I HAVE EXHAUSTED MY 2GB 3G DATA IN JUST 12 DAYS AS MOST 50 TO 60 PERCENT HAS GONE FOR UPDATES N WAS STUPID ENOUGH TO STOP SOME APPS UPDATES N SUFFER LATER ????? 
6) TRY PUTTING SOME RUBBER EDGED COVER FOR PROTECTING T CORNERS N PHONE FROM SHOCKS N DROPS INSTEAD OF THE REGULAR FLIP COVER AS T GLASS IS A GORILLA GLASS U NEED NOT WORRY ABOUT SCRATCHES. 
7) LAST BUT NOT LEAST I PRAY TO GOD N ALL T COMPANIES TO MAINTAIN UNIFORM PRICING STRATEGY'S N NOT GATE CRASHING IN REDUCTION OF PRICES ????Samsung Galaxy Note II - Exciting more &amp; more.............I purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note II two days back and it's working like 3G. Phone speed is like fire, so many features...which i cannot unable to expresss...I am very much satisfied and thanks to Samsung such a wonderful phone discovered. I am completely forget my laptop and this is more than enough. No need LAPTOP. 
 
I connected with Airtel 3G. Phone access + 3G Speed - Great Phone with high speed internet. Excited more, still exciting......Really the Galaxy Note II is VALUE FOR MONEY. 
 
I purchased the phone after seen all the below reviews and it was a perfect. No words to say further. Only one i want to be pointed out that some of reviews says phone is too big. Its not really too big which i felt after purchased and you can manage and handle the phone easily. 
 
I Love this phone and completely satisfied. GREAT PHONE.Your Second Girlfriend.This Phone has everything thst you have ever wished for, and you are occupied for the next 1 year too... as the features are far more advanced that you wont feel outdated till summer 2014. 
Handling is a bit of problem, i have dropped it several times even with my beast hands, so if u have kitten paws... think thrice before buying. 
S-pen is blessing and its humungous screen size with 267 ppi gives you a very good feel. Though some of you may find a bit problem of white flash line occuring during screen unlock( that can be ignored.. but its annoying), but it can be dealt with. 
 
This is a timeless phone .. you buy it today and be updated till summers 2014, as it will surely surpass iPhone 5s or 6 for sure( if Tim Cook's Apple did the job they did with iPhone 5). 
 
Worth a buy, as their is no market competitor for this Phablet !!!Amazing Phone Ultimate Experience.One word for this phone------------------ AWESOME 
 
Ordered via flikart yesterday and got the phone today ultimate speed delivery by flipkart. 
Got an amazing deal in flipkart 5% off on the phone and 15% cash back i am one of the luckiest Son of Gun in the world got this phone for 29500 
I was planning to buy Samsung galaxy grand Duos I9082 but when i saw the irresistible offer i had to go for it 
I am having a blast with this phone. 
 
I have bought so many products in flipkart but never had written a review but this is the first time i am writing review of the product received with complete satisfaction 
 
I don't know about other reviews but this is the best Phone i recommend this for everyoneThe Note II story!!.The first thing you look at when you see/hold the phone is the display. 
Note2 wins your heart then and there. It's not too big to hold as people have misperceived, unless you have palms of a 14year old(I hope people get the sarcasm!!). 
 
Battery has been better with any other phone, 3100mAh, as compared to 1650mAh of that os S2, can power the beast through 1.5days of rigorous use and 2-2.5 days without sync and internet. 
 
Kudos to Anup for such a wonderful review, he said it all. Apple needs to work hard to catxh up with Samsung, when you talk about Smartphones. 
 
And my advice to flipkart, please atleast censor the language being used in the review, I hope you guys do have moderators!!!Phone is Awesome but Battery problem.This is the best of smart phone from Samsung. No need to give detailed review as already this devise crossed 5 star rating. But my disappointment is might be I got defective battery with mobile. Coz, I am not using Note 2 as I already have another smart phone. This mobile I am using for personal use only. As per my knowledge, this heavy battery suppose to be at least for 1.5 day. But I am getting only 5-6 hours of back up and in a day I need to charge 2-3 times in a day. I am not happy only for this reason. Else, no other issue I found. If its possible, please re-place the battery, coz I dont have that much of time to visit service center and unable to wait for 2-3 days to resolve this issue. Given 4 star due to defective battery or else, it should be 5............ Good day guys...........Words are not enough.Flabbergasted,is wot i was when i used it.Purchased this gadgeterial excellence a week back,not from filpkart though.Awesome is very less a an adjective to describe this thing. 
I am not gona waste ur time on specifications and features,yu can google it,all i can say is that if you really want to have an &quot;experience&quot; and have the money or dont care about it..Dont hink twice,purchase it today!! 
You wont regret even for once!!SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 2...the name is ENOUGH !!! THE MOST AWESOME gadget in the WORLD :).1st of all thank you FLIPKART for fast &amp; reliable delivery..I really impressed with your service :) 
Thanks a lot..:) 
 
Oh mannn 
There are no words for describing the MASSIVE GALAXY NOTE 2 !!! 
IT's SUPER DUPER FANTASTIC MARVELOUS phone !!! 
The SIZE is not a problem as people said..It is handy in many ways..Easily fitted in JEANS..n best for HD movies,HD games &amp; Multitasking 
It's Software is just an AWESOME &amp; SMOOTH..&amp; Hardware is like SOLID impression..It feels so much proud while holding..!!! 
Do not hesitate if u are willing to spend around 35000 !!! 
 
BEST BEST THE BEST Device that ever produce by mankind :D SAMSUNG does it again after Galaxy S3 !!! 
 
CAUTION : 
If you are going to buy GALAXY NOTE 2 then your next phone DEFINITELY be the GALAXY NOTE 3 !!!! :) :D :Pwhy note 2 is better than s4?.1.Battery backup is very good. 
2.Price is reasonable as compared to s4. 
3.very good performance. 
4.Very good camera..and video recording.. 
5.Big screen size..feels good.. 
6.Very interesting factor &quot;STYLUS&quot; 
7.Good size resolution.. 
8.Supports every application...and Run very fast.. 
9.Much better then S4.. 
10.Last but not the least.....u will get 10gb as internal memory..but in s4 u will get only 8gb....:)Good phone but falls short of excellent.Bought this a few months back and have always liked android but Samsung phones always just fall short of what I really need. The screen is good and bright. Android is good and Samsung has a lot of accessories in the market, But the overall build is plastic and looks xheap. Uodates are late and always have issues e.g after updating tje speakerpgone does not work. The body also scratches easily and will not last long. Overall the materials used are not a patch on apple. I had 4S and it was great, just the large screen and usb function drew me to Android. I bought this in exchange scheme so got a good deal, would never buy at MRP, flipkart delivery was fast and the experience was smooth, will always buy from flipkart as they have much better service than any mobile shop.Awsme. . Just go for it..I am using this phone since last 4 months now, and its amazing, nothing compared to its speed and quality. I specially love its screen size, HD quality and processor speed. More over with jelly bean update of 4.2.2 releasing soon in India for Note 2 its equivalent to Galaxy S4 in tech terms. It has beautiful S pen feature and I will strongly recommend this phone to people looking for smartphones above 30k.Best Phablet to use.I purchased Note 2 last year, and mind you I am still awestruck with the phone and its features 
 
The phone inspite of being a Phablet is very sleek and one of the thinnest phones around. 
It comes with a stylus which is unique with air view feature. 
 
The clarity is truly mesmerising and vivid. In terms of performance it is very fast and also very userfriendly thanks to the Touchwiz 
 
You can play all kinds of videos, movies , HD as well with ease 
 
With the current price of Rs. 27000 at flipkart i guess its a best opportunity to go for this phone 
 
Pros: 
Best Battery, lasts more than 1 day in heavy usage 
Very proactive touchscreen 
Bright colours 
Stylus is icing on the cake 
Very thin and easy to hold 
More ergonomic than Note 1 
 
Cons: 
Build is little plastikySearch comes to an end.I have a smartphone from Blackberry/Nokia/Apple/Samsung/HTC and have always been dissatisfied with one thing or another. After waiting (with eventual disappointment) for the iphone 5 launch, I finally decided to go for Note 2. 
 
Am happy to report that my search for a good smartphone has finally come to an end... and I'm going to list only the pro's 
1. Big screen - perfect for watching movies on long flights. You don't need a tab anymore. 
2. Big Battery - I have more than 3-4 hours of voice calling everyday + constant data browsing, etc etc - I still end up with &gt;40% battery by night. 
3. Pen - very helpful for making little notesAwesome feel, amazing clarity &amp; ease of navigation..I bought this phone with lots of apprehensions wrt to samsung being a not so talked about brand for indian mobile market conditions until it joined with google for android . I have been using Nokia for ages. 
 
I am really impressed with features while i have to congregate and spend more time to know this machine fully.This is truly a beast with amount of work load it takes while multitasking. 
 
A bit expensive but the EMI offer negates the same. 
 
Thanks to flipkart on this timely delivery, just a feedback kindly request your delivery person to ensure that it is delivered somebody at home and not to the watchmen or security which was this case. I think it deserves more respect for the value it has.Coating Comes Off in 2 Months.Beaware of buying Samsung Note 2 
I have bought Samsung Note 2 in May and was feeling happy till I realize the coating of phone is coming off. And my smartphone looks like china made mobile or local company mobile. With lots of hopes I contacted Samsung Service Center and then i got reply that scratch and body damage is not cover in warranty. I tried explaining them difference between scratch and coating but those cheaters were very arrogant on phone and didn't had any valid or convincing answer. 
And this is the case with almost all samsung phones. They have started capturing Indian market with degradation in quality. Fooling people for their desire to own touchscreen phones.Great experience and outstanding performance.I got this phone delivered in two days after placing the order. Happy to see the neat packaging. I may not be satisfied to this level, even if I go and buy in SAMSUNG store for this price. Such a perfect company sealed box and new stock!! 
 
Great to shop with you... keep up the same 
 
In Combo deal, the cover which I got from Samsung (EFC-1J9FWEGINU) for 1K is not worth&hellip;the looks and quality of cover is just average. 
 
The size of phone is bit huge and quite uncomfortable to hold/carry every time &hellip; Apart from that performance is good, runs anything and everything. Screen display (Super AMOLED) is also too good and it&rsquo;s a pleasure to watch HD videos and movies. Just note that it needs Micro SIMA costly buy.The product delivery from Flipkart was perfect as usual, but I am not much happy about the quality of the product. I am not sure if it is the same with all Galaxy Note 2 or just a piece defect. 
The 8 MP camera doesn't seem to capture quality pictures without Flash even in good lighting conditions. Often protests to charge. 
The 5.5 inch screen makes it slightly uncomfortable for single hand use. 
 
Pros 
The screen seems to really scratch proof. The display is really good. 
There are very many apps and other features to ponder. 
The charge lasts for one whole day even with heavy use of 3G. 
The dual screen functionality helps you multi task. 
Very useful for playing rhymes and cartoons to your baby while feeding ;-)Note 2.I choose this product over iphone because i want to replace laptop/desktop, so display has to be little bigger. Note 2 is comfortable and i don't feel like working on laptop. When you are purchasing this product keep in mind that you will be replacing the laptops. So this kind of investment is worth.This is revolutionary product my calculated guess is this will stay in market for some time and iphones screens will get bigger it has too!!!!!. 
    But there is one point after Steve Jobs SamsungIphones are giving lot of offers...hope Steve was not working for samsung as under cover. 
It's awesome product, i have stopped using desktop and laptop after Note 2. 
The delivery and exchange was hassle free... Flipkart Rocks!!!!Simply the best.This is a masterpiece from samsung. I never felt the size to be too big. s-pen is superb and so, is the mobile. u can enjoy movies on the go. 
 
the best: 
super battery 
multi tasking 
pop video player 
super music player ...one word boombox 
 
Review after One Year: 
Still my fav phone. Just switched to 4.4.2 DN3 custom rom. And installed Viper Audio.. Now I can't find a phone that can sound better then ViperAudio.. (Tested HTC One, iPhone , Nokia 1520 (Though I would have never picked the boring windows OS even if it would have been good)).simply great.this phone mind blowing. i loved the S.Note in it 
i thanks samsung for giving us such advanced technology. this phone is far ahead from iphone 5.......i was an apple freak before buying this phone. but i think if had bought an iphone i would have regretted after knowing about the features of this phone its great to have it in my pocket....i would just that if you are about to buy an iphone 5 dont waste your 45000 after that crap....but note 2....but still i must say it is all about your choice...rather than that its a great phone.....This is a Beauty.Hey Friends 
 
I got my Note 2 after thorough research for 3 months on which mobile to buy. 
 
What a beast he is and my experience is awesome. 
 
Battery Backup is great, Amazing camera, nice Audio output. Crystal clear sound. 
 
Weight is not all that heavy. If u can handle a 4 inch screen Im sure this phone will be comfortable for u. 
 
yet to test the gaming power and ofcourse waiting for 4.2.2 :P 
 
I always consider my mobile as a close friend bcoz it knows everything about me. He is gonna by my close friend from now on. 
 
Only CON is : Such a costly mobile and samsung doesn't provide a flip cover in box.. Lil disappointed. But i purchased one separetly in flipkart itself. 
 
Bye 
 
have a nice day.Absolute beast.Open any number of applications it does not slows down....battery runs smoothly for more than 2 days with moderate usage. Huge processor, huge RAM, applications open as smooth as slicing butter, big screen makes playing games and reading a sheer pleasure, S pen and S note are remarkable, camera is pretty decent at 8 megapixel( people wanting more should buy SLRs), air view is another innovation, it is miles ahead of any contemporary mobile....using it for more than a month now absolutely no lags experienced..... Some people may complain its a bit too big.... but that is the exact reason why i bought it...as a phone it stands out from all the other phones. absolutely no problemsbest among top smartphones.Apart from some excellent tech specs, here are some great &amp; unique features of this phablet: 
 
S PEN: 
It has got the most advanced stylus which becomes handy in viewing videos &amp; checking mails (AIRVIEW) and also editing images. 
 
PAPER ARTST: 
It is my favourite photo editing app and is not available on android market. Apart from galaxy note 2, only new galaxy camera has this feature. 
 
ALLSHARE PLAY (dlna): 
With just a press of a button, i can run the media from my phone on any other smart device requiring only a wifi connection. 
 
Texting becomes very easy &amp; fast with its advanced clipboard memory which automatically recommends frequently used words in sequence.fantastic device:-).I would use my S III for about 1 hour per day, maximum. I use my Note II at least 4 hours per day. This phone is absolutely fantastic. It's like Samsung took everything there was wrong with the S III (not that there were many things, the S III is also truly a fantastic device), fixed it, and named it Note II. The software that it comes with is astounding, the S Note application is absolutely amazing and powerful. The features that Sammy packed are just too many to count, really. 
 
Keep it short: no words can describe this device. If you're in dilemma and you're wondering if you should get it, get it. I had the same dilemma and I don't regret my decision for a split second.note 2 AMAZING BUT.......well the phone is pretty amazing but the probs is that 38 k sounds like a hefty amount.Spendin 38k for a mobile like device nowadays does nt sound like a nice deal...anyways the device has better performance in terms of ram,processor etc plus it provides a lot of xtra utilities when compared to the s3.but the problem is that samsung keeps on updating their products on a regular basis you become confused all of a sudden..Now if ur thinkin of buying this device i would say WAIT....WAIT for the S4 cause technology gets better n better day by day.the s4 gets released at the end of feb. @ the MWC.but if ur dying for a cutting edge techy gadget then the doors are open to u..i would say GO ON&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Amazing phone.Its big. Very big. But then again I have big hands and needed a battery that can take a beating through the day and not die on me by 5pm. 
 
The screen is brilliant. The speed &amp; fluidity spectacular - quadcore &amp; project butter really helps! And the battery reminds me of the Energizer bunny. 
 
I bought this phone because of its huge battery life vs. the S3 which I thought would be more comfortable to hold and manage. But I have been blown away by the screen. I can't imagine viewing content/play games etc etc on a smaller screen anymore. 
 
Negatives - Plastic body - while it doesn't feel cheap it doesn't feel premium either.Samsung Galaxy Note II.Excellent delivery process.It has been a delightful experience to purchase from Flipkart. 
An excellent product from Samsung- though it seems an expensive gizmo at first view. 
My baggages to workplace had included my netbook in the past, with cables, a wireless modem, usb devices,etc. And it seemed a burden to carry two bags. 
My target was to purchase a device which could eliminate the need for a Netbook. 
A tablet seemed a worthy device- but my experience with HCL Me left a hole in my pocket and a terrible experience of a cumbersome device, heavy on the wrists. 
1. Not meant for a phone. 
2. Excellent phablet for browsing,mail, eliminates use for keyboard for typingExceptinally good product.its been a almost half year plus, Product quality is exceptional good and Original. Thanks Flip kart for providing such a great service all time. They are truly a professional team. I appreciate them. Moreover, everyone has seen fall some day or the other, because of few falls.. things don't define concrete results. there were few concerns regarding the delivery, but eventually they solved diligently and wisely. 
Note series is always a leap ahead of other good. its reliable and fast in activity. good for heavy users/ Office users/ professionals. Its a recommendation even TODAY its at par the standards of gizmos requirements. Good battery backup. really goooood.Perfect Phone matching all my requirements..With a quad core processor and 2GB of RAM, this phone really impresses me. The Android 4.1.2 OS runs really smooth. Multitasking is a breeze and there is no lag even with more than 10 apps running at the same time. 
The large 5.5 inch Super AMOLED Display is really the turning point of this phone. Be it playing games, browsing the net or just going through your playlist, the large screen makes it really easy. Also the 267 ppi pixel density ensures a quality display. 
This is a phone which amalgamates the best of processing power and a beautiful screen all into a very stylish form factor. 
I would highly recommend it.Amazing,Best in the Market!!,Awesome Note II,Mind Blowing Performance Excellent Phablet.Incredibly Creative.The Samsung galaxy note 2 is a niche device. with its 5.5 inch super amoled screen it is one of the best screens available for a smartphone at the moment!and that too its non pentile. many people are considering buying sony's new flagship the xperia z , it has a full HD 1080p screen but its viewing angles are not that good,Faster web browsing &amp; downloading, incredible 8 MP camera, pop up browser &amp; video player is too great, large shiny screen makes people stare at my smartphone, most creativity stuff the S pen.Handwriting recognition.. for any input, I do not even take out S-Pen, just write word with my finger and it recognizes text so well Fabulous Galaxy Note 2 - The King of All!!!my note 2.hey everyone the phone is nice with all features but...wht abt the design samsung? not updated !!!!,and just a plastic!!!!! 31 k it would b better if would b for spec,feacture overall for 23k and note 3 -46000 omg!!! .......to a mobile then its no way to purchase for middle class ppl...... even note 3 comes with moled fux plastic again ...the 'plastic '....!!!!!!!!! yes that every phone gets heats up after certain period of game use ,that could be exceptional but plastic can't ...if in case of emegency while replacing the back cover v may break and costs some $$$ to replace cozzz plastic.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!White Elephant.I had two phones with me, one was Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and another one was a blackberry bold2. Both were bought in 2012. 
 
Since than motherboard of note2 has been changed twice and again it got faulty. First two times in warranty period so i didnt paid anything but now it got faulty and i need to pay 7800/- as asked by samsung service center. Guys, it is a wonderful phone on speed and features but it is extremely prone to hardware faults. Plastic is cheap. The black chrome polish went away in a year leaving my note2 as a ugly device. 
 
On the other hand even after using blackberry note2 there is no issue...Galaxy Note 2 - Unleashed.This phone is a BEAST. For guys, who are even used to Android, this phone will take some time for you to get adjusted. 
With whole lot of features at one go, a look into the user manual, wont be bad. 
However, a bit bigger to hold , carry &amp; use. But that choice has to be made while u see a live demo at the stores only &amp; not commented after purchasing. 
On a whole, features and quality is awesome. I feel, once you purchase this, you should not feel the need for another phone for next 2 years. 
However, phones will keep coming, which will offer lucrative deals, but mind you, currently this is the LEADER.Awesome Gadget.I have ordered Note-II to give it as a gift to my husband. He really loves using it.. 
great clarity, no slowdown issues, user-friendly features, awesome sound quality and so many useful fatures and apps available...I have compared the prices with other sites and found flipkart giving best and lowest price among all...I ordered on Monday and on Thursday it was in my hand..Packing was lovely... Flipkart is providing best and quick facility of product delivery..Really appreciable..I recommend Note- II if u r looking for a smart phone with all the features, apps and facilities in a budget..Really a worth smart phone to buy... 
Thanks Flipkart.Best Performer, But couldn't adjust my eye with kind of screen color.Hey I bought this Note 2 last week and after a week of a use, believe me it is the only phone that has satisfied me so far now. As an Android developer you know how much you expect from the phone and this was the only phone that has fulfilled and exceeded all my expectations. 
 
Only one thing which I was not happy with was screen color. Don't know which AMOLED Panel they use and which combination of RGB color they use that screen doesn't look that much bright. I have an IPad3 and when i compare it with my Note2, it appears very dim. Else everything is super sexy. Looking for best performance and style and entertainment, go for this phone XXDon't think about buying this phone.This phone is available in the market for just only 28000rs 
and you should think about buying new pants which have big pockets 
 
When buying phone in flipkart we have to check the current market price because 
some new smart phone price increase by 2k or 3k,some may have lower price 
 
In the market the price of mobile change daily depending on market demand but 
flipkart only update thier price once in a month 
 
The main usefulness of flipkart is availablitiy of product and accessories which 
are not available on the marketExcellent Phablet Worth every penny.I recently got this Phone + Tablet, quiet amazing in performance, definitely useful for someone who is on the business side. 
 
S- Note is much more advance than Note 1, Tech specs are best in the current market. From the looks you might feel that it is elder brother of popular mobile S3 from Samsung. But when you use it, you will know its much better that S3. 
 
Comparing with Galaxy Note 1, the size of this one same though the screed slightly larger than it. Much better in everything else. You will love it even more if you love Galaxy Note 1. 
 
Overall a must buy for someone who wants find something which can be phone as well as tablet.Next to awsome!!!.Hey guys..bi bought this device from a samsung retailer for 37000..its a brilliant master piece.. 
Samsung truly designed this for thd humans.. This phone is very addicting.. pl go for titanium gray colour.. u won't regret it later.. I feel this is way better than s3.. u will surely love this phone.. if u r planning for sg3 pl try this phone once too.. 
 
S pen works like a charm. 
 
Battery is huge.. charging is very fast compated to the old note.. sammy has give all new 2.0 A output charger.. wch is very efficient.. I previously owned a razr max.. this beast outperforms maxx in every aspect..simply WOOOW.I bought this about a week ago. I taken advantage of scheme and its around 27k ,for mobile like note 2 its ok. I mean ,if u r getting so much of feature then at this price it hardly seems to be costly. Its 5.5 inch display is first reason for me to buy, no matter some people think its HUGE n cant be handle but i don't find such problem but ya carrying big size phone have to keep in mind that ur pocket should not collide with any pointed object. 
 
secondly S Pen is superb.....able to detect 1024 level of pressure...cool 
if u want this range of mobile this is simple best option!!!Awesome phone if you want to read books and write notes occasionally handy pen.Pros: 
1. big screen (5&quot;) - very convenient to read e-books and watch video contents, the lines don't crumple or overflow to the next line. 
2. handy stylus - if you are into note making and occasional writing then this is a phone for you. 
3. The Stylus apps are good and the android market has few good apps which utilize the power of it. 
4. 3100mAh battery - the battery lasts for 2 days on medium use (internet and apps) and 1 day on extensive use. 
 
Cons: 
1. Little uncomfortable in your pocket. 
2. restarts randomly (i don't know why have seen the same behavior in galaxy grand as well) but occasionally.It is Better Than iphone5..Trust Me or not it surely better than the iphone 5.All the Fans of Apple should go on for the galaxy note 2.U may think that Apple is always better but is not so.The Samsung galaxy S3 defeated iphone 4s. But was unable to defeat the iphone 5. But now The samsung Galaxy Note 2 is better than the iphone 5.If u don't Believe me u can check out the videos on Youtube... Don't Think of the companies,But think for more,u should always look For more.............................................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pretty good.As always, Flipkart's delivery times are admirable. And they try to accommodate requests for delivery ahead of schedule on special occasions which is one big reason I stick with these guys. The phone itself: Much to like here. Brisk phone, large screen, large fonts, pretty easy to use. AMOLED screen, good specs and not too much lag. Most Android phones have way too much lag once they're in use for a few months. So still on the fence on that parameter. I do feel I've made a good purchase and would recommend it to anyone who's considering it. Ordered this for my father and he enjoys using this phone.Beast of all SmartPhones !.First of all this is my first Android phone and i am lucky i chose this one. 
 
I was very much confused whether to go for S3 or Note 2. Many people commented that note is bigger and not easy to handle. But trust me it is not that big and easily fits into my pockets. And the best part of it is the features it provides when you compare with S3 like S-Pen along with Airview which is tremendously helpful while browsing web. Also this Screen is best for watching movies and reading E-Books.Finally the huge battery stands for me atleast 3 days with minimal usage.A perfect Master piece!!.I bought this fantabulous beast during the last week of May, 2013 from flipkart. Delivery was fast than expected. Battery backup is excellent compared to those of it's counterpart. Display is awesome. Though you may feel it too big initially, you would get used to it very soon. So far the performance is very good. No hanging and other sort of software related issues. 
I bought it for 35K, and One disappointing thing is that the price has been slashed down and gives me a thought that i could have waited for few more months. 
 
Overall, I am Very happy to own such a monstrous looking beauty!!Not a Good Product.I had bought Samsung Galaxy Note around a year back. Since last few days it has started freezing and restarting. Internal storage is getting filled very fast and no option to reduce it. Camera is not per the camera's in Sony phone. night shots are not of that great quality. I am regreating my decision on spenidng lot of money on this phone and it worked good only for 1 year. the parts used inside the phone are cheape. These Korean and Chinese products are same from outside they look goo but inside they cheap parts. It also heats up very fastIN LOVE WITH NOTE 2.Waited eagerly to get this phone,Got the exchange offer. Not a lot to say about this beauty. One word describes it all &quot;Powerhouse&quot;. I had an option to get this phone in a cheaper price from other online stores but the trust I have on Flipkart makes me Stay Loyal.Guys get this phone anyday better unlike S4 which keeps heating up in 5 mins.This is a one time investment trust me, phones line Canvas 4 are priced around 20,000.Anyone who thinks about class +VFM will go for this one 
 
Flipkart delivered the product in less than 30 hours which is awesome. 
 
ThanksAWESOME.....but.....Samsung galaxy note 2.....hmmmm...well its just an awesome phone......if ur thinking of comparing it with s4 like I did before buying.....yes think for a while.....though Samsung says that the s4 has an octa-core processor it lags....overall performance is the same as note 2.....the s4 beats note 2 onn only one single task...that is photography.....rest its all the same.......I'd recommend u note 2 if ur looking for a large dislay and the s-pen.....or else go for s4....but if u still want more..... wait for a while......cause note 3 will get launched soon.....ciaoJust Bought, Just Got and its Awesome!.Well, first, I should admit that its very BIG, a little on the tougher part on handling with and/or typing with one hand. But i guess i will get used to it, hopefully ! 
 
I bought the product since it was paying me awesome return value for my Nokia C3, secondly an additional 10% disc on SBI CC. I got the phone for just 24750. 
 
Functions - I will put an addendum to this review after few days of using it.Best Ever Smart Phone by Samsung!!! Buy it!! Worth...Nice Look and Feel. 
Superb Touch Sensitivity as compare to other smart phones. 
Long Battery life. It will last for around two days whenever you use internet whole day. 
Applications running are very smooth. 
It worth to have a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 :). 
Camera Quality of this phone is too good. 
Since it is having 5.5 inch screen so playing games on it is fun. 
The Charger chord should be a little more in length so it will be better. 
Overall it is the best phone available in the market with Flip-kart's Superb speed delivery.Excellent Product and Offer.Purchased Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100 last week and the product was delivered within the mentioned timeline. Good show by Flipkart as the product was delivered intact. 
 
Had done research on the handset and had zeroed in on this product couple of months back. I was very happy to see the offer and had exchanged a 2.5 years old Samsung galaxy duos mobile for this mobile (thoroughly used). Had just returned it along with the charger and they had not insisted for original packing like some other sites had. 
 
Very happy with the product, delivery and the offer..Galaxy S3 Vs Note II.S3	Note II 
		 
RAM	1 GB 	2 GB 
Screen	Big	Bigger 
Battery	Good	Better 
Stylus	No	Yes, Nice features 
Price	35000	38500 
		 
Verdict	The Hickup in chosing is because Note II is better and hardly more expensive then S3 , but also with impractical size. 
Practical Solutions 
(1) ignore that Note II exists in market and go for S3. 
(2) Get Note 2 as pocket tab and own a small phone also. 
 
 	 
:) 
RamTwo year old phone but still good.Well, I wanted a smartphone and went for it due to its decent specs, comparatively lower price, the exchange offer, cashback scheme offered in flipkart.com. After using it since last one month, I can say it satisfies all my needs and it is a good smartphone. I surf the web, check my mails, twitter, youtube, whatsapp; all works fine if not very well. BTW I'm writing this review from my Note 2 :)A Phablet with a stunning and Dazzling technology.I purchased it a couple of days back from Flipkart. Two days of usage led me to write &quot;It ROCKS&quot;. 
 
The positives are: 8MP camera with LED; stunning S-pen; Easy user interface; Smart stay operates in coordination with eye blink); Multitasking (available after firmware upgrade); and Air view. 
 
The negatives are: Lack of preloaded document editor especially polaris office (may be available in future) and slippery rear cover. 
 
The suggestions are: A 4-4.8&quot; mobile with such a technology may be a fabulous one. 
 
The end point is, it's AWESOMEA Must Phone for every android and a big-screen fan!.Thanks to Flipkarts awesome servcice. 
This phone is huge and even easy to hold. I am 16 and i dont really feel any difficulty while holding this phone. 
This phone fits perfect in my hand (middle-finger to those who say it doesnt!) 
This phone sports 4.1.1 JellyBean OS which has a great interface, plus 2GB RAM and 1.6GHz Quad Core Exynos processor makes it one of the fastest Phones (Phablet) in the current market. 8MP Camera, S-Pen and other features makes this phone delightful. 
My over-all experience was awesome! 
I am new to android and i must say Android&gt;iOS!! 
Good Going Samsung! :)own a phone [15% cash back} offer withdrawn without warning !.though they are fully justified to do so! 
- it is not Morally correct on the part of Samsung to withdraw the 15% cash back offer without adequate warning 
- they could at least have flashed a banner giving the last date 
- well i will not buy it without the offer !! cheersVery nice phone and superfast!.My overall experience with this phone is amazing. 
 
1.In terms of battery the phone provides better power backup and battery charges very fastly. 
2.Camera is pretty good and video recording is very clear. 
3.Games are very much playable. 
4.Touch is pretty nice. 
5.Size is nice for users who like big screen to watch movies and play games. 
 
My personal opinion : This is a great phone to buyFEW WORDS WOULD SUFFICE !!!!!!!!!!!!!.SAMSUNG SMARTPHONES HAVE ALWAYS REMAINED DESIRABLE FOR SOMEONE BROUGHT UP ON THE STALE AND MONOTONOUS NOKIA PHONES !!!!!!!!!! SO BEFORE GOING FOR NOTE 2 I WAS ALREADY SECURED IN THE REPUTE THIS PHONE HAD GENERATED WORLDWIDE. HENCE IT WAS NEVER GOING TO BE A &quot;&quot;&quot; LET'S- FIND-OUT-HOW- GOOD -THE -PHONE-IS &quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot; SITUATION. AND ACCORDINGLY, THE PHONE DID NOT IN ANY WAY FAILED TO MEET UP ITS PRE-ESTABLISHED FAME !!!!!!!! FLIPKART OFFERING A HUGE DEAL .....HOW CAN ONE OVERLOOK EVEN IF ONE TRIES TO !!!!!MAKING A HISTORY AGAIN.With 2 GB ram and 1.6 Ghz quard core processor with 5.5 inch Super AMOLED it roars like a lion ,still what u need for a 36 grand ? and with inbox jelly bean next update will be damn sure ... 
 
works like a racing car ,,,throw 1000 of apps at it ,,it never slow down this beast 
 
Samsung started a new revolution in mobile market ,,,atleast this mobile will be top notch for 2 yearsExcellent Phablet..!!!.I am using this mobile from 6 months now; it&rsquo;s a brilliant smart phone I have never used. Response is pretty fast compared to the rest of the android smart phones, though I don&rsquo;t want to comment on the models/brands. 
 
Best things: Battery, Call Quality, Camera, Applications response, Touch Screen. 
 
Pretty happy with my investment, though I struggled to pay it back to the bank :) 
 
Only thing I hate. When others touch my phone, they say &rdquo;its huge&rdquo; :D 
 
 - ram's.darapuGreat Product....Great product. Bought it under exchange offer. 
 
Fast delivery. I got my refund too and that also within 10 days. 
 
It easily fits in every pocket even if you are using a TPU case (which slightly increases the length and breadth of this already huge phone). This was my biggest concern. 
I don't need to carry it in my hands all the time. :) 
 
Stylus is fun to play with. And if you like to sketch its a killer. 
 
Games - Vice city and Six Guns (both are above 1 GB and very graphic intensive) are playing smooth, without any lags.&quot;Life of Note II&quot;.An excellent phone and tablet hybrid with a superior screen and skill with improved stylus, but its size may still put people off... 
These reviews has only touched on some of the features that make the Note 2 so useful. Useful is a good description for the Note 2 as it is easily the best phone I have ever used. It's certainly not for everyone, which is true for any smartphone, but for those looking for an innovative phone in the crowded Android space the Note 2 is worth a look...The best amongst the breeds.The gadget is wonderful. I will not comment on pricing. I very well knew the same and I went for it and I am completely satisfied with my purchase. Scores beyond comparison over competitor breeds from IPHONE , SONY, LG. Look and feel along with UI is very friendly. Even my 5 year old has got acclimatized to its operation with precision and that shows what product designing is all about. Cannot be only rated as KEWL for the happy go lucky youth but a wonderful token of gratitude even for the elderly. All will love it simply because of its ease of operationLightning Fast..Using this device from past 1 month. This was my first Android phone and with all its specification provided by Samsung i am in cloud 9 right now. Flawless UI and processor speed. and lots of new feature like Air View. still i am unable to uncover all its feature. Its Beast in Smartphone market. Though size is 5.5inches it will create some difficulties in handling but i insist you to buy Samsung's original Flip cover. make sure the cover is NFC supported only then it is genuine. it will cost you 1350 Rs.AWESOME SMARTPHONE !!!.Its been six days I have bought and I proudly say that SAMSUNG has just done awesome job inventing the NOTE 2. 
Everything which I wanted in smartphone this is it . 
Faster web browsing &amp; downloading, incredible 8 MP camera, pop up browser &amp; video player is too great, large shiny screen makes people stare at my smartphone, most creativity stuff the S pen. 
I would really recommend to those planning to buy this smartphone....just go &amp; get it guys !!! :)best phone ever.galaxy note 2 is very powerful cool looking phone though it looks big but its design so good that it fits in hand very nicely,with 2 gb ram it is futureproof phone and will get all updates from android for long time,grey colour is so perfect in this phone it looks stunning,i will say only one word just simply buy this phone and u will love itexcellent phone.1. Flipkart is offering flat 10000 off against old phone exchange for which normal shopkeepers offer some 3000 to 8000 off depending upon type and condition of old phone. At flipkart its flat 10K off without asking any questions and any fuss. 
2. Now, phone is available at 32500 so effective discount as of now is 5000 and not 10000 
3. Regarding phone, even though its a little difficult to handle while using it for basic phone function. However, as a smartphone, its the best in terms of web access, mails, multitasking, handwritten notes, camera, display and everything. Its difficult to do smartphone functions on smaller size phones after using Note2.Awsome awsome Awsome.This is the first time I felt like writing a review for a Mobile.I have used many smartphone(I guess) but .....none came close to this. Believe me there is no word to describe it. Screen touch response superb. Whatever u throw at it it will manage magnificently. Topnotch hardware and superb features. What not? And Friends this review I am writing using styLus and it is just astonishing how beautifully it translates and understand my worst handwriting. Guys just go for it u will not regretAwesome Phone.I just wana say that, if u analyze properly there are no cons in this phone. Its just the best in market, and even in upcoming phones. It will surely rule even after launching of HTC DLX or LG Vu or Sony Odin. Note 2 has better configuration and hardware as compared to other upcoming phones. Its way beyond iphone 5, and any other phone. Proud to own the god of smartphone :)Nice, although.....This is a great phone to have, with very high end specifications, but the only trouble with this phone is its size, I am quite sure people with big hands would love to have it, but the screen size is the same size as my hands, even with a stylus it will look like a tablet in my hands that I'd rather not like people staring at me carrying it. But those who love this phone should buy it, it comes with a stylus too. I am a Xperia fan, but I have to say well done samsung with such tech.FABULOUS.if i have note 2 then i don't need to buy a tablet again for its big 5.55-inch Super AMOLED screen_the battery is also most powerful in this range_the pixel is similar to S3 but the font is bigger as the screen size is bigger_1.6 GHz Quad Core processor_2 gb ram_simply A POWER-HOUSE_my best device.&hearts;&hearts;&hearts;As GRAND As ANYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!.I had bought this phablet a couple of days ago and i must tell u that it is just fabulous.Previously i had the galaxy note n7000 and i used it for about 8 months but this one is far better than the previous..its as smooth as silk.display is far better although its ppi is lower than note n7000 (267 ppi vs 285 ppi).movie watching is a treat. Gameplay is awesome.everythin is good.it truly makes u feel on top of the world with the most expensive android gadget in today's times!!!!Samsung Galaxy Note 2 a super product.Samsung Galaxy Note 2 is an excellent product. The latest OS 4.1 works like a breeze, handwriting recognition is superb, predictive text too is brilliant...8 megpix camera is super, touchscreen very reponsive...all in all a must have smartphone. 
Flipkart delivery has been super fantastic. My favorite shopping place....Great and perfect sized phone.Galaxy Note-II is really fabulous phone, with its 1.6 Ghz Quad Core processor, things are blaze fast... Internet over Wi-Fi reaches 12 mbps, which is not possible without an equally strong processor. Best part of the phone is the S-Pen feature, I have practically stopped carrying my paper diary since this phone purchased.. S-Pen has got lot of functionalities.. Some of them are not yet explored by me.. Even my kids do explore their creativity by impressive artistic drawings..Samsung Note II.A very good, useful phone, good camera, good touchscreen and free Android version 4.3 at Samsung service center are few beauties! 
 
The only deficiency is one has to learn all its uses and functions from a person who already is using it. 
The Samsung User manual is very much deficient about giving full information. 
e.g. sliding to right side on a selected contact in a list starts a call and sliding on left side starts SMS service was not known to me till somebody demonstrated it to me. 
One feels terribly illiterate.The best Samsung smartphone ever!.This phone is the universal device to have, be it the basic phone/sms functions or watching movies, playing HD games, browsing the Internet or checking emails, clicking &amp; viewing high quality photos, S-pen functionality, tons of apps, social networking, daily tasks &amp; notes/password/ management etc etc. This list is endless &amp; goes on forever. 
This is power packed enough to take care of all these functions &amp; more for at least the next 2 years to come. 
Love it!nothing beats it.i have been using samsung note n7000 for about one year now. i am a samsung fan because of the performance they deliver. i liked the things one could do with the s pen...so when this exchange offer came up i grabbed the opportunity. 
 
have been using it for about 3 months now. i agree there are many new processors coming out daily which are faster and more efficient, however you have to obviously stop at some point of time. 
 
i would its worth the money spent. 
 
truly awesomeIt is juzt AMAZING! THIS IS IT!.Truly a great phone for android lover's. No doubt about it's features,it's just amazing. One of the best smartphone ever in the market. Mainly the stylus pen makes it different from all the smartphone's. At beginning we feel it's too big but it's not at all that big, surely we enjoy the big screen. It's never the less than tablet's and amazing battery backup, i just love this. 
 
If you're an android lover, have the budget, looking for big screen hd- i must say, THIS IS IT !A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.Could there be a better phone? Yes. At this price? NO! 
With such a superb processing speed and features, I am in love with this. 
Definitely a best buy. Note II deserves 6 out of 5 stars. 
 
I had S4, HTC one and Xperia Z as other options but when I saw the exchange offer, I just went for it. For a difference of 11-14k Rs and minor differences in processor and just one but a huge difference of camera, note 2 takes an edge over others. 
 
PS: Flipkart delivery: AWESOME.The beast !!!!.Got it in one day. The most amazing gadget in my life. Has everything, all pros no cons. Its so amazing device. I have more than 200 apps, 5000 songs, 20 HD movies, yet glides with performance. I havent seen a single laag. Have installed Sandisk Class 10 32 GB card which boost more read-write speed. This phone is specially every artists need. You can draw anywhere anytime. 
100% recommendation. 
Love this phone and Samsung. 
-RajSamsung Galaxy Note 2.Fast, efficient device. I use this for managing my work remotely at times and this device helps me multi-task efficiently. I usually have team viewer sessions (logging into my systems remotely), with stock market live feeds running in the browsers along with other software's I require - all at the same time. Note 2 does not disappoint with it's speed and performance. Video conferencing is brilliant with the excellent front cam. I am really happy with this product.The Story Of The Beauty And The Beast.If you want a awesome and beautifully built and designed phone go for iphone 4/4s/5 not 3g/3gs they are friggin ugly!!!! if you want a beast go for samsung galaxy series its got performance and everything but it comes with a cheap looking plastic back but again its useful because it is shock absorbent hence your phone wont be damaged that easily especially a s3 it can withstand heat,water,drops,scratches everything!!!!Good phone...but could be better.Pros: 
1) Big screen hence watching movies is a treat 
2) Very Fast but can't compare it to the iphone 5 in terms of speed 
3) Lots of features and apps available in google play 
4) Battery Life (lasts me 2 days on 3g,30 minutes of web surfing, 3 email accounts with close to 300 mails per day, bluetooth, gps n all) 
 
Cons: 
1) Camera, does not automatically adjust to the surroundings, hence have to do it manually, for indoors and low visibility. 
2) Screen goes blank after the set screen timeout when viewing flash videos in full screen. 
3) Zoom feature is good but lags at times.AWESOME BLOWSSOM.This product is really good and handy seriously .It feels like i am blessed with Samsung note 2 with its unique features and specifications which makes it tall apart from others. 
Initially I was an i phone user but jumping into an android phone that 2 with samsung note make my decision worthy enough .It has lot of features to explore on .Hope It doesnt disapoint me in the future and also the battery system is good enough according to its size.AWESOME CELLPHONE, WORTH IT!.This Product is freaking awesome. Battery back up is fab! And trust me, operations are carried away in a very convenient way and faster than any android. The S Voice service too is fab! Big Screen to show off! And the clarity of the display is Super! Has Jelly Bean 4.1.2. Specially the grey colour looks classy! Drawing sketches, adding notes are par excellence. 
 
You won't regret purchasing this one! ;) :) 
Completely Satisfied with my choice. :)Fantastic service - fantastic product.Thank you, Flipkart! The product was delivered to me the very next day. I had experienced this with a book while I was in Bangalore. But seeing the same commitment from your side after ~1.5 years is awesome! 
The package was sturdy with lots of styrofoam. 
I have just one complaint though - the phone color is Titanium Grey and the charger adapter and cable color is white - not that I mind but this surprised me a bit. I expected the black one.ONE WORD 4 THIS PHONE---OUTSTANDING!.Samsung has really done a marvelous job by launching this marvelous mobile! 
Really worth 4 every penny u pay.....Great!! 
Every facilities of this phone should be appreciated! 
This mobile is meant 4 Game lovers,Song lovers,Video lovers and net lovers! 
Not 4 call lovers...as it is single sim! 
Its features cannot be described....there is a lot facilities..... 
Buy it 4 urself and hav the best ever experience of using a smarrttt phone!!!!Best Smart Phone till date.No doubt this is the best smart phone made till date, but get it only if you have enough free time to explore and use all its features. If your requirement is just to make/receive calls/SMSs and/or to play games like temple run, then definitely this phone is a no no. You can instead buy a mid range android phone. If you are a game or a movie freak then this the best you can get because of its great display and great battery life.Excellent phone if you don't mind the size..Its an excellent phone with very good features overall. Currently best in market. If you use stylus and don't mind the size of the phone, its a definite buy.. BUT.. 
 
Galaxy S3 has almost all features sans stylus/pen and size is suitable for all users, so recommended over note 2. 
 
Personally I had some issues using the S-Pen and sometimes it will do things i din't want it to. But I guess I just need some tine to get used to it.Awesome phone for Engineers and Designers.I did a detailed research based on monetary and usability aspect on mobiles and finally centered onto Note 2. It was little overpriced, but i got a great deal on flipkart. If you are an engineer and or designer, the S-pen feature is and added advantage. Other specs are very good and decent. But, if you are not involved in designing or drawing activities, Grand 2 would be a better choice.IT'S A REAL BEAST.i am using my note 2 from last 19 days it's a real beast .before this note 2 i used many smart phones but this is giving me a whole new experience. I'm loving it. 
first i thought it would be big but after getting hands on it feel's small.it easily fits in my pocket. 
 
i bought i from flipkart it,s an awesome experience shopping with them flipkart is the most trusted site it is no.1 in india.it's service is too good.Excellent Phone.First of i would like to thank Samsung for their amazing product. 
 
Pros - 
1. Amazing processor Speed 
2. Can play almost all types of videos 
3. Never hangs (Using it for a month) 
 
Cons - 
Sometimes difficult to put in Jeans pocket while driving 2 wheeler 
 
 I thought of buying this product through Flipkart. But, i got the better price in Pai Interational for 36,200. So i did not bought it through Flipkart.Great to have in 30K.Configuration 10/10 
 
Performance 10/10 
 
Camera 9/10_Due to Great Performance at Day Time and only OK performance at Night time. 
 
User Interface 10/10 
 
Value of Money 10/10 
 
Battery Life 10/10 ( lasts for 2 Days In general Usage with Internet by wifi. and for calling 23 Hours total on 2G. ) 
 
Other things like Display, Music, Video etc 9.5/10. 
 
Main thing in 30,000 it is more then enough for a smart phone.really fooled cell phone.i bought it on 12-7-2013 used for 18n days speaker is dead reaaly sucks dis is a really a bad investment on samsung and also 1 more samsung advance was dead 6 months used can we indians depend on dis great brand now u indians dont get fooled over samsung change to sony or i phone or nokia never buy a samsung product in future really blood sucker loss of money and samsung fools not rules over people!!!!!PREETY AMAZING.been using this product for a while 
an overall nice product even though i didnt get it from flipkart. Gets most of my jobs done but the onl problem i face is takes up a lot of space in my jeans pocket literally leaving no place for anything els oon the same pocket 
and also i must mention the amazing battery life of the superphone/phablet 
it lasts more than a day on exxtensive use 
i am very happy with itLove it.Well there is jsut two ways about it 
 
(I) If you can handle the size .. you will love it. 
 
(II) If you cant handle the size... then look somewhere else 
 
And oh, yes miromax and its ilk are cheaper.. but then if you wanted the canvas dont look at the note 2 for a compare (unless u want to look silly). Probably the grand or the new mega might be more you cup of tea.You wont regret it!.For people who are staying away due to the humungous size, yes it is huge and it does look and feel awkward initially. But within two hours of usage you will totally get used to it. You will find other screens very inadequate after this. 
 
I was confused big time between S3 and Note 2, but I decided to go for note 2. 
 
Its quite an experience to work on such a huge phone. Go for it, you wont regret it.Excellent device.One of the top-most smartphone when I bought it, it is a dream device for all smart-phone addicts. Awesome screen and usability, the S-pen is unique and to be honest - not moe than a gimmick as of today, but the potential is there. The &quot;big-ness&quot; of the screen does not hinder portability of the device. My top recommendation even now if you get a good deal on it (now that GN3 is around).WOW Phone.Currently I am using Samsung Galaxy Note N7000 for the last 14 months. 
My friend bought this and its really a Gajab phone. 
I am already using its part 1 so no matter of size for me. 
I am Planning to buy this new Beast very soon. 
 
Flipkart delivery every body knows, it's fast and secure in mobiles section, 
 but slow in laptop sections. 
 
Anyway... 
Life is very short, Enjoy the fullest. 
.....Excellent phone with good battery backup.I had Note 1 and then I bought Note 2. I actually like bigger size phone so size is not a problem for me. 
 
The very good thing about the phone is its battery backup (after 2 months of usage). It easily goes 20 hrs - with 5hrs of 3G (1 hr of surf), 30 mins of GPS, 1 hr of ph call, 10hrs of WIFI (2 hrs of surf). 
 
The display could be better. 
 
The speed of phone is quite good - no visible delay.What a wonderful piece of gadget.Oh boy, 
 
you can only understand the greatness of this phablet when you have it in your hand. Contrary to many reviews, i do not feel it bulky or too large. I am using it with ease. Bought some 15 days back and getting amazed by discovering new features every now and then. 
 
I hope i will never regret buying this. Flipkart service and delivery was as usual quick and packing was excellent.the best best and the bestest....i newly bought dis fone/tab its amazing i will not tell any of the feature as its not easy...many featues ....it has left apple behind ...even i phone 5...its also beter than s3 as in my view...the only CONS i found in it is that we have 2 empty our pocket for this but i think it is all worth...if you have option to buy it ...dont think just go ahead and buy this spectacular mobile/tabSamsung Galaxy Note 2 - Its a PhOOOOOOOOOOOOne...Very much satisfied with shopping from Flipcart. packaging was decent. They delivered it to me ontime. The person who delivered the product called me before reaching the site and was very helpful. 
 
Phone is very nice. Looks, performance, durability wise the product is awesome. 
 
Looking at the price of this product, Samsung or Flipcart should have provided a phone case and screencard.Cant ask for more.First of all thanks to flipkart who had delivered this product even on sunday.This phone is really awesome as it can run any application very smoothly.So there is no need to review the specs again.The only disappointment was they could have added more apps that supported multi windows.I would strongly recommend this for anyone who wants to buy a android smartphone under note series.Never Buying Samsung again.Phone stopped charging within an year. Thankfully it was in the warranty period at that time. 
After 1 year 4 months phone again stopped working. This time the technician says it is due to either a LCD or a mother board failure (or both) and will cost anything between 7-15 K. 
 
My iPhone of 2 years is still going strong. If you are buying android i guess its better to stick to NexusThis Beast is ultimate....Its just been hours since I laid my hands on this beauty and its truly a beast in all its features.... Seriously for a layman its is just an another android phone but for someone who could unleash its true power this baby offers a mouth watering delight... 
 
The hover feature is just unbeatable... 
 
With 2 GB ram the phone runs at jet speed and 
 
Playing games was never this awesome...The best Phablet from Samsung..Good at performance and appearance. I have been Changing mobiles every 2 to 3 months. Now even after using this product for more than 6 months, I have not changed it. The only other product that could match with is Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3. 
 
For more details about this product you may visit the website 
en.wikipedia.org 
and type Samsung Galaxy Note 2 in the search bar. Happy spending with my beloved friend...Its time to replace notebook with note and pen with S pen.I don't need to mention about specs, its clearly available above...what i really want to share is my experience with S pen, and it was out of the world..I have used so many stylus before but they were more of liability then an asset, in common language, they were pain in the Ass..lol 
But my experience with this was unbelievable. This is surely the gadget of the year 2012..THE ADORABLE NOTE 2.......^_^.This mobile according to me is th best mobile of the year because it is having blazing feature and fantastic finishing.This is not a mobile it is a thing which we cannot explain in words we have to use it and experience the word of samsung galaxy note 2 friends you must buy this handset im sure you will be lucky to have it !!!!! ;-DQuality problems - WiFi and blanking out.My first Note 2 went dead on an overseas trip causing great inconvenience. I thought that was an anomaly and bought a second as a backup. Now both phones are giving me trouble connecting to the WiFi. I get the message &quot;Your internet connection is unstable&quot; when other phones, including Samsung Galaxy Note 2 are connecting without problems. 
 
I doubt whether I will buy a Samsung mobile phone again.best from samsung.Samsung note 2 is till date best mobile by samsung. 
Thanks flipkart for timely delivery was considering to buy note 3 but recent upgrade to android 4.3 makes it even better woth every penny invested makes it worth 
1. User Interface --- best in calass 
2. Amazing Battery life even good than note 3 
3. Best for watching videos 
Last thing you will forget to use your laptop.Dont know what to say..!! Awesome Phone.If you are used to a regular Nokia phones....it would take about a day to learn all that. You wont do the first charging of this phone until you get used to the initial part of it. Its a great phone and lots and lots of features. 
 
Great buy..!!!Awesome phone.I liked the quality of phone, features of the same. 
Got the good deal from flipkart and quick delivery as usual from them 
Touch is smooth, camera is good, doesnt lags, monster battery 
so overall a must buyAWSOME SMARTPHONE.....i using samsung galaxy note 2.. its just very good phone with no problems.... 
i seen it has old tech. it didn't have air view ,air gesture using hands, etc which all got by s4 &amp; note 3. 
but it is best android phone i have ever seen ... till 2012 .. 
its works all thats make you impress and got very big . see hd videos very large feels more 
good experiance..Best Phone ever by samsung.hey, there its abest phone to buy in samsung's list 
 anyone having Rs40000 just go for it. I'd like to buy one but not having that much notes to buy a note 2, just joking here's its review 
4.1 Jelly Bean OS &amp; upgradable to the latest 4.1.2 
5.5 inch Super Amoled Display with 16M colors 
A Brand new re-designed S-penExcellent in Samsung's Phone.This is the samsung's best phone i think..... durabel battery, strong body, best features. i write review after one year of purchasing it.... go for it.... 
 
isse behtar phone samsung mein mujhe nahi lagta koi aur hoga... ek saal use karne ke baad bhi mujhe aur koi phone nahi pasand aa raha.... resolution is very good... pics &amp; camera effects are awesome...Nice buy.Good phone with ample of RAM. I am playing games of size more than 1GB and it has never failed me ..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................Absolutely brilliant.Samsung amazes me with this phone. I'd a Note 1 (extremely innovative and capable device) which I upgraded to Sony Xperia Z (extremely bad phone). I sold off Sony Xperia Z within 4 months and bought the Note 2. Absolutely big and gorgeous screen with vivid colors. Samsung has been brilliant with Note series of Phones.Galaxy Note2.I ordered this product with an understanding that it might take 6-8 days BUT got this in 3 days - Price is competetive with show room price - Both Phone and Bluetooth is awesome - 
 
I ordered this product with an understanding that it might take 6-8 days BUT got this in 3 days - Price is competetive with show room price - Both Phone and Bluetooth is awesome -Pricing not correct.. Product is superb.The Galaxy Note 2 is an excellent piece of Engineering. 
The First SmartPhone to have 2 GB Memory. 
However its available 4k cheaper on other Retail Portals. 
Flipkart should reduce the Selling Price.Best phablet.hey guys, this phone is really awesome. actually its not a phone its a mixture of phone and tablet. i mam using this phone and get impressed by its cool feature. it has 5.55&quot; inches big screen with full HD. it has quad processor which make this phone very fast. another feature includes its geature and air view feature using s pen. 
if u really wanna buy this then go for it without any trouble.Wow I love it.There is no need to review this phone because it is already successful. 
Battery backup is amazing. 
It never hangs. 
I installed almost all high android games like Batman, asphalt 8 , Street fighter 4. 
Browsing also good. 
I like big screen. 
If you want best mobile for gaming and browsing, just go for it. 
But camera is not good i will give 7/10. 
Over all 9.5/10On time delivery and no hassle exchange offer process.As usual prompt and quick delivery. It was my first exchange offer purchase and didn't expect that it would work so smoothly. 
Final price with exchange and card discount came out to be much cheaper than retail offers. 
 
There are enough reviews about the product - so I won't write additionally on it. Product was received in very good condition and works well.Awesome.... my first Android..... after using BB.Guys....... 
 
I have seen many reviews below....... Max people are having 5 start.... after buying this i came to know that why many people are giving this much appraise to this product..... While i havent bought this from FK..... Really telling you that anyone can buy this with closed eyes... There is no problem with this phone..... 
 
Go for it..... !!!!Note 2 Offer.Excellent value for money - if you are comfortable with the larger than normal screen. At Rs.25,875/- think it's really a good buy. 
 
Color saturation is something not so natural, compared to S2 and also missing the Memo on Galaxy S2 and importing that content into Note 2, But otherwise, having a good time - as to me it's more a data access device than a phone and it fits that use pretty well.Best Mobile Phone I have ever used.Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100 is a kind of Smart Phone which lot of people desire to possess. I am fully satisfied with it's functions. 
 
The only drawback is it's bigger size due which it is inconvenient to use with one hand and keep inside the Pocket. But I am hardly bothered with this as I like to enjoy games, videos and photos on it's large screen :-)Be creative !.Well have been using this phone for 3 months now and I must admit its a great device rather the best samsung flagship device ever though my usb port got bad but though got it fixed at the service point. 
The only thing that remains undone is the update to 4.2.2 until samsung release it with the s4 features. 
 
Just buy it !! 
one star less due to bad usbMONSTERRRR..!!!.With a wonderfully vivid 5.5-inch Super AMOLED HD screen and meaty innards, there's no doubt that the Note 2 is the top dog when it comes to raw grunt and function. 
 
2GB RAM.... Quad-core 1.6 GHz Cortex-A9... Are you kidding me..!!! 
 
Add to that the S Pen functionality, which has been given a bunch of new fancy tricks.. 
 
would love to buy one..Best Mobile from Samsung.This is the best mobile from Samsung which has everything in it. &quot;Classy&quot; in one word. and working even better with Android 4.3 jellybean update provided by Samsung.And I hear that Kitkat update is also on its way in Jan 2014. 
Go ahead and buy it guys ! I got it for Rs.27500/- in exchange of my old Samsung mobile from Flipkart.Excellent.Samsung Note 2 a wonderful piece of smart phone to have in this era. With the s pen u can do anything u want to, amazing art piece. Excellent speed &amp; good battery back up seems to be the back bone of the phone , I wonder why people go after I phone when more can be gained with lesser value.Zeus is jealous by Note II.Yeah i am right, After note to there is no other super power..... 
 
Pros:- 
Processor is as powerful as Zeus's lighting bolt(or more then that) 
 
R.A.M is more then enough that it can even consume the Hercules 
 
Every thing is Pro is this phone 
 
As far as concerned About cons... In this phone's dictionary There is no space for Con wordAwsome Phone!!!!!!!!1.One of the best offer one can get in flipkart. I got a very good deal.Exchanged my old phone for 10k and also 5% cash back on credit card. So totally I paid just 26k for the Note 2. And about Note 2, its an awesome phone. The Picture quality, video, music is very good. Overall, a amazing experience to own a Samsung Galaxy Note 2.Excellent Phablet!!.I'm totally amazed by this product.. excellent discovery from Samsung and thanks to Flipkart for having given me cool offer of rs.4K exchange offer over HDFC's 10% cashback that made this product too cheap to purchase!! can't say more about this product this one such product that you should buy once in your lifetime.. :)Best phone ever !.If you are connected to any creative field like fashion ,art , graphic design or if prefer using a pen there couldn't be a better option . I am a petite person with tiny hands and i DON'T find it too big ...its perfect to hold ,looks elegant and does what it says and much more . For me this is the best phone in the world .The Best Phone in the Market.I'm using this beauty for 2 months now and it is a miracle! The stuff I can do with the Note 2 is unthinkable on other phones. Even at the top end, Note 2 is THE BEST phone and offers the BEST VALUE for money. 
 
Note 2 will reign until Galaxy S4 and Note 3 takes over the mantle of the best smartphone. Hats off to Samsung!Awesome Product.I have been a proud owner of this phablet for the last 4 months and it is a dream mobile. 
Works like a charm on the most extensive games and all and works with most applications. 
Battery is great... 
Just received the update of Jelly Bean 4.3 and it is just awesome now... 
 
Guys, dont think... just go for this dream....Best Phone so far.......Note II is the best phone i ever had so far. It works buttery smooth and watching HD videos on it is an awesome experience. I will suggest everyone who wants everything in an Android device,please please go for Samsung Galaxy Note II. 
Also thanks Flipkart for delivering it on 2nd day of payment. 
Thanks again......glad to be a proud owner.it has indeed been a great blessing for me to move out of my useless and stone age BB ( i had world edition and curve) to this amazing phone, well seems i am in jet age, mails work fine, social networking and huge amount of aps 
pls go for it if u can, even better than appleTrue Beast.1.Ultimate Processor. Performs multiple tasks easily. 
 
2. Battery 3200 mah is way better than other phones. 
 
3.Looks classy with S pen. 
 
4.Never hangs unlike S3 and xperia phones. 
 
5.Go for it, i have used xperia , S3 as well as i phone 4s, but NOTE 2 has a diff. class.The ultimate phone with one annoying BUG... :(.One bug in Samsung Galaxy Note II - It keeps on beeping continuously during a call as though there is another incoming call :( .. the worst part is it continues to beep even after the call.... this is so annoying... the only way to get out of this annoying sound is to restart the phone... :( 
 
Except this one problem... the phone is ultimate phone...Note 2 with exchange offer.I like the delivery by flipkart within 3 days. 
Right offer for me at right time. 
Product safety is much taken care. 
Samsung Galaxy note -2 will be loved by all. 
Even though many online purchase sites are there i recommend flipkart for easy communication and good response from customer care representative.Very Good Phone.I have been using this phone for like 3 months. There are a lots of pros which I am not writhing about. Just the two cons which I found till now: 
1. Stylus don't work on the softkeys. 
2. Don't have a dedicated camera button. 
 
Other than these this phone is awesome.Currently the best!.Note 2 is currently the best Android phone, arguably even better than S4. I've tried S4 myself and seen friends returning/selling their S4 for Note2. 
 
Pros: 
- Screen thats large and brilliant 
- Epic Battery Life 
- Very pocketable 
 
Cons: 
- Bundled Samsung software is usesless and some of it uninstallablemadly godly galaxy note 2.just bought this product 2 days ago 
blv me its a godly thing 
battery back up is just awsome 
net speed is too good 
i can say&quot;itz not a phone, itz not a tablet,itz a itz a fantastic combination of both&quot;. 
last but not the least gaming xprnce is just great.Outaword!.First of all Kudos to Flipkart, for their superb fast service. I booked the combo pack on 6 of dec &amp; wholaaa it was delivered on the next day itself. Great! 
 
The combo pack is nice very nice &amp; speaking about the Note 2, even the dictionary will run out of words. 
 
Buy it, enjoy it , love it.An excellent device.Having owned this device for quite some time now, I can confis tidently recommend this as an extremely capable and functional phablet. In the entire maze of options out there, this is one device which comes closest to being a complete package. I am no fan of Samsung, but must accept what is true..Nice product, good exchange offer, best delivery.Flipkart has kept up its reputation of offering the best service and good product in the best price. This is a widely adopted phone that has proved its mettle in the market. 
I bought the phone two weeks back in exchange of my old phone. 
I have had no issues with the phone so far. Thanks flipkartits a master of cellphones.every feature is just awesome, run n number of programmes, still no lag, what more you can expect out smart phone. 
simply i love my note2, using from last 9 months and never felt to go for a change. 
It has never crashed even once. unlike other cell phones.too expensive and cheap phone.i can't believe it! 
this phone is not good for this price . very difficult to handle. sensor, camera, graphics all 
are just cheap. 
and it is too expensive for low performance phone 
i have this phone.. i just hand over about an month. 
i think it have only good tft capacitive screen and nice proccesor.. 
but overall its just a junk...Awesome !.Flipkart delivery as usual awesome service. Got it in 30 hours. 
 
It was a good deal in one perspective. But you can buy it for 28k from shopclues though. I didn't knew this when I booked it. Anyways it's worth buying this product. Gave an old handset (Galaxy fit) which was used properly.AWESOME......Just got it for my mom......super kool wid big AMOLED display, big battery and nice cameras and got it for 27k. S-Pen is super and all these features getting under 30k just go for it.......!!!!!!!! 
Got it from a Samsung Dealer and not from Flipkart.Fantastic phone to use.Quick and hazel free Exchange service from Flipkart/WS Retail. 
Absolutely no troubles at all. 
Received product in 4 days flat from ordering. 
Samsung Note II is a fantastic phone. So many functions, features and Apps, you will never loose curiosity.Best phone ever.No doubt its the best phone in market now.But 40k is little costly. 
Though price drop is already started some website offering 37905/ already.Hope it will reflect in flipkart also. 
The designer flip cover is coming with it or not is another question.Cos that can difference 2k almost.This Phone Is GOD.!!.Such An Awesome Phone And Value For Money.. Very Stylish.. Only Draw Back Is That If You Drop It/ Screen Is Broken(Which Is Not That Easy Bcoz Of Super AMOLED Capacitive Screen) 
This Phone Is Veryyy Awesome.. App Run So Smoothly.. It Hardly Hangs.. Jelly Beans Is Awesome.. Screen Size Fits For Me..!! BEST PHONE TILL NOW..!!Beautifully Monsterous!!!!.Superb Phone. If you are really into smartphones, this is the one that will give you all you need features and functionality. 
 
As expected the battery life of Note 2 is amazing. I can stretch it a full day with all the features ON, Bluetooth, Internet &amp; Gaming on average use.Excellent phone.It's an amazing phone. If you can manage with the size, go for it. 
Great screen. Awesome for watching movies when travelling. 
The S-Pen is great for writing down things if you're in a hurry. 
And remember to get a proper case. Keeps your phone safe! Trust me. I know. 
 
-10 Mar 2014Memory Overloadng and Signal connectivity problem.My Galaxy Note is having signal problem which needs frequent restart , Memory overloading. .I reinstalled Operating system for 2 times in one month after purchase , still facing the same problems.Phone memory ( 10GB free) will be filled up in 2 days with unknown log files or so.Compromised and bought it.Actually i personally hate SAMSUNG.But i think this is better than all other products of samsung Annoying thing is its size.Display is good.Sound enhancment is also k.As my wife likes it i bought it.Nothing great in this. if its compared to HTC one x or Nexus 4 its nothing.Gorgeous phone..I preferred over HTC One X - we can attach Micro-SD , Battery can be replaced. 
I preferred over Galaxy S III - S Pen, real estate , @ GB RAM and Quad Core. 
 
Using phone is a breeze to use. Wish to bought from Flip-kart but they do not sell insurance and extended warranty.Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100.Very good shipping, did not expect will receive it so early. Kudos to Flipkart for keeping up their standards. 
 
As for the phone, buy it to admire it!!! 
 
Before buying I thought 5.55' was a little to big but once I got it in my hand the other phones looked smaller. LOLBest Phone.Awesome phone loving it to the core , FK also delivrd it on time that too in one day the phone battery bakup is awesome just waiting for KK update it seems like sammy s taking its own sweet time and concentrating on new launches and has forgotton the old customers :(i recommend to buy this phone.I have purchase this Phone through Flip kart , their Service is good and satisfied 
and get my Phone within 2 days from date of Order. 
Good features, Good Quality and Good performance. 
If anybody want to buy a Phone from 25000 to 30000 
it is a good phone to buy.gr8 product thanks to samsung and flipkart.I bought this phone before 3 weeks, I'm fully satisfied with its performance and the battery backup. The exchange offer was brilliant. I exchanged my Galaxy Y and got a discount of 10K along with a 5 % flipkart discount.Just Love it.Excellent phone. Real long battery life. Battery comes down from 100% to 30% after a full day's use of 3G, Wi-fi, music/video and calling. Might be a little big for people with average sized hands. 
Only negative point is that there is no OTG cable in the box.Nice But Plasticky and No OS Updates from Samsung.Samsung seemed to be in a hurry to launch Note3 and stopped updation of any kind to the firmware. They could have done better by updating the OS. Also you can install programs only in the internal memory which is of 16GB and fills up pretty fast. Average Buy!Great product, disappointed by flipkart service.Bought in exchange offer, and due to miscommunication between flipkart cc and e logistics, got a late delivery compared to flipkart's standards. Overall, a great product, though too bulky and huge to be used as a phone.One minor drawback!!!.You have to connect this device by MTP storage only. Mass storage is not available, which results in low transfer speed. And you cannot connect this device to a macbook. Rest all things you can read from other reviews.Excellent phone and good performer!!.It is a good performer phone from Samsung. Big screen with stylus helps to make good use of tasks like note-taking, photo-editing, etc. It is helping me to keep the meeting notes handy and quick. I would say it is worth the penny I spent on it. Loving it!!Note 2 still is strong.If you want a Note 3 but are short on cash, then this is your answer. Just go to XDA and you can get all the Note 3 features. The hardware is miles ahead of the cheap Mediatek quadcores that are flooding the market.Note 2..The Best.Truly a wonderful experience buying this device. 
Pros : 
Good build quality. 
Beautiful display. 
Blazing fast. 
S-Pen proves to be very useful. 
Best hand held media consumption device. 
Value for money. 
cons : Very huge not meant for men with small fingersSUPER COOL &quot;Galaxy Note 2 &quot;.This device is perhaps one of the BEST device SAMSUNG has ever created.Price is above 30k,but I think it's worth it.Camera is just AWESOME, quad core processor,5.55-inch Super AMOLED screen,with 2GB RAM,makes it the perfect device.SIMPLY AMAZING !!!!!!!!Good Service From FlipKart and Product is awesome.FlipKart Service Review.... 
1) Good Service From FlipKart 
2) Product Delivered on Time 
3) Quality of Product is very good. 
 
Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100 Review.... 
1) Good Processing 
2) Nice Battery. 
3) Note 2 is great product from Samsung.. No Words...Awwwooosmmm.The cell is awwwooossssmmmm but need dual sim.....!!! 
 
5.5 screen 
-Quad-Core 
-2GB RAM 
-Super AMOLED capacitive Touchscreen 
-16GB Internal 
-64GB External Expandable 
-Camera: 8MP(Main), 1.9(Front) 
-NFC 
-OS: Android Jelly Bean 
-GPU: Mail-400MP 
-Stylus PenExcellent performance!.Bought the beast last week, but not from flipkart, though i thot about writing a review. 
 
This phone is for the maximum entertainment and u wont find any lagging or slowness in doing the same. 
 
Also, this phone is worth for the price and tr to experience the feeling of a NOTE 2 owner ;)Calling it AWESOME is a sheer UNDERSTATEMENT...!!!!.Received it within 2 days of order... FLIPKART...Your services are Ineffable... 
There's barely any phone which can equal all the unique attributes of this Beast... Its huge but worth every penny u spend...I'm proud that I own one... 
If your pockets allow...go for it YOU l neva Repent...Samsung glaxy note 2.I bought this mobile when the exchange offer was going on the website. I gave my old samsung S5570 and i got this mobile at just Rs. 26500. I found the offer and the mobile too good to resist. 
 
Samsung galaxy note 2 is after all a long time runner.The New World in Galaxy Note II.I am totally Speech less ...........Very Good Tech...Awesome Fetchers.........Very Brightness ......Gr8 Touching ...............friendly operating....TOTALY WORTH OF MONEY......&amp; ALSO GOOD SERVICE FLIPKART...i WAS PURCHASED FROM FLIPKARTVery Good Product at an awesome price.Why buy Note 3 for 20k extra...Believe me its still an awesome phone to buy even after an year of its launch. Zero lag even for high end games like Asphalt 8. 
Go for it people !!! 
Flipkart Service Rocks !!!Note2 - Stunning Mobile - nothing like before. S3/S4 none compares to this).Stunning Mobile, very fast, GR8 display with innumerable applications, specially the S-Pen.simply awesome. Gr8 price with Exchange. I am yet to get the 10% HDFC C/Card Discount, as committed by Flipkart. I am sure they will keep their commitment.Samsung Note 2.In short - one of the best experience of shopping on line - 48 hour delivery - effortless pick up of old phone and an excellent buyback price for it. Totally satisfied. And the product - Note 2 has improved my working efficiency by almost 50 %.jhakas mobile he.this mobile gives all function which is diffrent from all mobiles like nexus 
cons; 
1.6 Ghz fast processer with 2 gb ram &quot;very fast&quot; 
high capacitive and sensitive to touch 
extremely amazing camera even secondary camera is very clearnote 2 rockzzzzzzzz.excellent phone in this price range.......... and awesome experience with ws retail .... at 1st i got an defective peice, but within 3 days it was replaced by a brand new note 2... i recommened to shop from ws retail... for better service.....Just loving it !!.Received Note II N7100 today. Did some testing. The battery life is good. Have some really useful apps and shortcuts specially made to creative artists. I love the screen mirroring feature too. In short its awesome. Still lot to explore :)A complete phone..........The phone is absolutely awesome. When I got the phone in my hand for the first rime, I was a bit concerned about the size of the set. But then I realised that the 5.5 inch screen is the best one to unveil the beauty of the handset. 
 
ThanksGreatest Phone.Greatest phone by Samsung , I have not tested Note 3 yet but as people say it is better than Note 3. 
Multitouch windows are a good concept. 
Caller voice is very clear. 
S Pen is a interesting additionThe Best...Best business phone with wide features. you can run many apps at same time, nice phone although in the market. There is no comparison with the Apple brand but i rate it more than sony xperia phones.Samsung Galaxy note-2 (value of money).Amazing phone with lot of spec.and functions, I really became fan of this........Dont even think to compare it with other same price tag devices..............love it.. 
 
Great Battery 
Great Camera 
Great Processor 
Great Phone over all....Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100.first of all thanks to flipkart to provide me the mobile exchange scheme. Samsung Galaxy Note 2 is a awesome phone. 2 GB RAM is the important part of the phone as well as the brand name of SAMSUNG. My experience is very good with NOTE 2.Worth every penny.Got this phone from Flipkart 2 days ago. Was very impressed by the design,screen size is massive,Multimedia is awesome,camera quality is breathtaking. Overall it is a beast on its part. Would recommend buying with the exchange offer !!Note 2.Superb phone. Amazing Battery Life. 
Prompt Delivery . 
Value for money thru exchange and cash back offered by Flipkart.com 
...............................................................................................................Samsung Note 2.I won't bore you with the techs. It is a great BIG phone but would recommend that you do buy a cover as it is very slippery due to the glossy back case. Thanks Flipkart for the timely delivery and great customer experience each time!Good in Performance but not anti shock droppable..Two times my mobile fall down from my hand and the glass got destroyed from everywhere and the cost of this front glass is more then 8000. 
 
 As the size too big it should have anti shock drop.Note II - Worth of buying.* Very Fast delivery by flipkart 
* Cheap wen compared to the outlets 
* Go for it without an option :) 
* Note 2 is really having an amazing features 
* This product is really worth of buying.. tat too with flipkart !!!! 
CheerzzzzBest phone in the market.Really fast, display resolution is good, but the icing on the cake is the S-pen. Battery backup is also very good. 
better than any iphone in my opinion. 
Only Drawback is microsim which reduces the compatibility with other phones.nice product.Although I was a little skeptical about the whole process of exchanging old phone for new phone but flipkart carried it out smoothly. Timely delivered in best condition. Product working pretty well................................Feed back.It was a nice experience to shop with you. I was shopping for the first time on line. Product reached me at the promised time. It was as i had expected it to be. I will recommend flipkart to all my friend for on line shopping.Very good.The product is simply amazing.... really loved the using of the product, 
the pen response in the Note makes the product keep using often, Samsung gives best product with best of customer needs and worth using samsung productsAwesome Phablet, God of all Phones!!!!!!!!.Speechless!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Amazing phone or should rather say it's an amazing journey to the next level of technology............. 
Samsung becoming god of youth gadget freaks..................................................Awsome phone.Loved it..firstly I bought s4 from flipkart.that have battery issue.I refunded that product.then I ordered this.it has awsome battery life.lasts a whole day.screen is similar as s4 .must have product in the price range 25000-30000.Fantastic Product.Nicely Designed and crafted Product. Thanks to flipkart for prompt delivery. 
I Must say after owning a ipad for last 3-4 years this is the first gadget which has impressed me. I would recommend the product to all the tech savvy people who can afford the price.Samsung Galaxy Note2 with Exchange offer.I given my old phone Sony Ericsson back to shop and took this smart phone with 26,650/-RS, including Screen guard and Flip cover free.So I compared all phones which has 40k ranges with different brands seems I felt this one is worthy by exchange offer. of course I am enjoying with this phone now. Specification are near to 3 years old tp.This is my Perfect phone.bought it 2 months back from samsung showroom. 
Wonderful phone ever. Awesome battery backup. I've used many other samsung phones but was never satisfied and sold all after using few months. 
BEST FOR BUSINESS FEATURES.Good Phone.Even after arrival of Note 3, Note 2 is a good buy. Display is very nice. Battery Life is average (you will have to recharge almost daily) on average usage. It never hangs. Software will update to 4.3 automatically.Excellent Phone.Very prompt delivery by Flipkart. it was delivery to me within 2 working days as advertised on this website. 
This is the best Smart phone I have used till now. excellent features and stylish looks makes it a prized possesion. It's worth the money paid for.Too GOoD.Got this mobile locally ,,,very good mobile and its big too ...everything is nice and no cons yet,,,u should go for it as its the best one till now !!!! the specs are nice and the perfomance too .. GO FOR IT !!!!!!!Samsung Galaxy Note II in exchange of Old Phone.I exchanged my old Phone for a Samsung Galaxy Note II. I was extremely happy with the procedure of exchange and the new phone is working absolutely fine. The delivery came at a time convenient to me. Thanks Flipkart.Best Android phone for the price..This is by far the best Android device with that price range. Its very fast and has a great battery life. You can go ahead and buy it with confidence. As usual, Flipkart was at its best in delivering it before time.Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100.its a very very nice device...all options are amazing.......really i proud to by a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100,Ram speed is well.....processor also good..............internet browsing performance is nice.........Power House, Monster, Humongous.Best buy in this price range. Forget SIII, HTCs, Xperias. 
Using this phone is an 'Experience'. If there's any cell which has a CLASS and stands out in the crowd after iPhones, its got to be Samsung Galaxy Note II.ITS A CLASS APART.PROS = 2GB RAM to face any platform. 
  No competition for 1.6 GHz quad core processor. 
  Ultimate surfing experience . 
  Really bright super AMOLED 
 
CONS = Yet to be developed for JELLY BEANS (4.1)Amazing.its a very very nice device...all options are amazing.......really i proud to by a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100,Ram speed is well.....processor also good..............internet browsing performance is nice.........Just love it.Awesome product from amsungThe deliveas on time. Still trying to learn to use alle features in the device. As the review states its abeast.he bateryis awesome. Worth moneyAwesome phablet.I bought this phone for 35.5k.What kills this phone is lack of s pen related apps.battery backup is nice.I would say that if u really love gadgets go for it.If you dont prefer a tile in your hand,dont go for itBest phone for office people.Feature Vs money, this is the best phone in the market; Before this I have used Galaxy S3, HTC Inspire 4G, Iphone 4S - none is comparable with this. Earlier Price was high, now it's close to 30K, and worth It.Simply awesome and superb phone (Writing this after using for more than 7 mnths).I bought my galaxy note II around seven months back and still I'm luving it. Awesome phone to use and have fun with. 
 
I recommend this to anyone who is planning to buy phone above 30k range. 
 
Go for it.... :)Awesome..This beast is hard to kill. I mean the battery lives for 1.5 days with normal usage. the 2GB ram makes all the apps flawless. and Note 2 features are useful &amp; thinking of cyanogen after warranty expiry.Great mobile with bit low on resolution..Great feature and configuration. Very happy with its performance. 
Buying experience was awesome. Bought on Saturday evening and received it next morning. 
Overall very happy with my decision and the product.Loving it !!!.Happy with my decision on buying Note 2 over S4 &amp; Nexus 5.. 
 
Few thing I considered, 
Big screen &amp; great Images- S-pen useful for notes.. 
 
I must say it was great exp &amp; service by Flipkart..Best deal.this is a good mobile and after using this I do not want to use S3 or even S4 they look very small in front of this. Initially it will look big, but soon after 1 day you will feel good about the size.Verry nice mobile.Its a amazing piece on this price, its so good, U know frnds I always used to change my mobile phone one by one before I got this Note ll, bt now I stay in this phone, and I never change another......Good mobile with all kind of feature.Good mobile in samsung which I see. No product is good when copared to this product. I love note 2. It will be more useful for corporate users. If a person uses all the app. This is the good mobileAwesome latest beast.Awesome phone...i am using it worth buying...bestest phone of all time.quite better than note 3 
Worth buying 
with many features and great screen and even awesome HD screen 
The beast of all phonesOne &amp; only one awesome beast from Samsung.Thanks to flipkart service...as usual special care was taken to wrap the product and ship it. 
 
Note 2 is simply the best, the beast...samsung has taken care of everything u need for day-to-day..Worth for Money :).Awesome Mobile!!! Go for it! 
 
Pros 
 
1. Big screen with good clarity 
2. More open and flexible than the iphone 
3. S Pen is great! 
4. Worth for your money. 
5. Feeling comfortable while using it.was a gift for my wife and no better website to order than flipkart.com.was a gift for my wife and flipkart.com did its job very well. timely delivery, offer applied and abide by as expected, no hidden or false promises on the offer, product functioning very well.amazing phone!!.yes it is expensive...but it's amazing!!! it's a big ass phone....comes with 4.3 in the box.....s-pen s very handy....many more minute features which actually make your life easy and fun!....Outstanding, mind blowing.Overall experience is nice. It is a highly recommended phone between 25k to 30k ranges. 
Pros: 
1 .Outstanding display 
2 .Long battery life 
3 .S pen 
Cons: 
1 .poor quality of the ear phoneThe best phone i owned till date.This phone has the best battery back-up amongst all the smart p[hones as of today. You can do wonders with this phone. You can save emails n attach emails to your mails and a lot more.Nice phone.Nice phone .Using it for more than year . 
Battery works around a day with good amount of usage.Dont install knox it uses up a lot of batterywaste of money.u can buy nexus 5 at the same rate which of snapdragon 800+, 2gb ram,True HD IPS+ capacitive touchscreen,Quad-core 2.3 GHz Krait 400,Great product.Excellent versatile product from Samsung. Great features and value for money. Would be better if some more accessories like cover with stand, car charger's are also provided.Great Phone!!!!.I am using Note 2 since 10 months. Its the great phone with awesome features. If you are creative and tech savy....then go for this super device!!!! :) I love it a lot....ultimate phone.excellent phone. 
Nice camera with a good battery life and moreover splendid service and delivery by flipkart. 
m loving this phone.Fantastic Phone.Just Buyed this phone 2 weeks backs, For Now I found it to be a Excellent Phone, Lighter than I thought, Games are running awesome &amp; Already got the Update for 4.3...Awsome Fablet.I have been using note 2 for a long time. It is worth it. No doubts. 
The Fablet, I would say, is very good phone for a techie.OPTIONAL PHONE 4 THIS.I'VE USED NOTE 2.N MY DAD LIKED IT SO I GIFTED HIM IDENTICAL MAGICON M NOTE [10 K].N I MUST SAY BOTH R AMAZING.BUT IF 1 NEED JUST TO SHOW OFF THEN DONT WASTE 36 K FOR NOTE 2! GO 4 IDENTICAL N CHEAPER N NON ADVERTISED PHONES.SAMSUNG IS GETTING MILLIONS BY THIS 1 BUT ITS NOT WORTH 36K MAN!WE CAN BUY A LAPTOP IN THIS PRICE!!!Only if.Buy only if you plan to use the extra set of features that Note series offers. For me the pen feature is useless. If you just want phone then go for Galaxy series.MIND BLOWING PERFORMANCE, HEART WINNER SMARTPHONE.today i got my new note II and i like yahooooooo ,cant express what amazing screen clearity , and game performance...does how think note II is just waste of money so ur missing sugar in the juice guys.It's amazing.This smartphone is really a fabulous one...After note 3 
It's screen quality is top of the world.. 
It having all the smart features which you want in yr phone..awsumm phone.i purchased this from flipkart, good service from flipkart.. and excellent phone atleast till now.... rest i will update after 1 month about its experience.. :)Super Phone.Simply Superb i am loving every moment with this...flipkart is even faster than quickrrrr in delivery the product..!! :P Hats off to all you guys out there...Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100.EXCELLENT PRODUCT ! BUT HOW ABOUT SAMSUNG INDIA WARRANTY, IS PRODUCTS BOUGHT FROM FLIPKART ARE VALID FOR WARRANTY IN INDIA? PLEASE CLEAR THIS DOUBT..Good one but pricey.Good one but pricey 
Very Good phone / Phablet 
 
All features are not used much 
But OK to have 
Cons : 
Touch is not very sensitive while playing gamesGood , sturdy phone.It's a good , sturdy phone with decent battery . Screen size is comfortably large . Easy to use . Time efficient . Definitely a productivity enhancer.Masterpiece.ultimate Phone by Samsung 
awesome touch, so sensitive WOW 
its really future proof. real value for money. 
camera is the best 
battery backup also good.Note 2.Fast delivery by flipcart and gud product by Samsung...Also got two freebies....Overall it's gud feeling for purchasing this product from flipcart.excellent ....just like you see you get the same....flipkart is trustworthy....Good phone...listing was proper ...however should have given a flip cover with the phone.....but any way..... NOTE 2 ROCKKKKS!!! guys go for it...Purchase of Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7 100.Completely satisfied with the product.Got a great exchange deal and bought couple of other products from the same retailer. Very good experience.I have Nokia N-73.Hi Flipkart, 
 
I have Nokia N73 and would like to go with current offer no Note-2 but it is not listed. Can you please confirm. 
 
Thanks 
Manendranice money value.its over one year m using this phone,so far nothing to complain about..just as simple, as it is and as fashionable as one can imagine..........Performance phone.its a performance phone tried and tested in the market. 
simply go for it. its display is really good for reading mails on the go and surfing.The best phone if your pocket is big :).I bought 2 phones from flipkart. 
As always fliplkart is the best. This is an awesome phone in every sense. 
No negatives for it .. full marks.Samsung Galaxy Note 2.Prompt delivery, effortless exchange process. Excellent device with good backup. Very happy with the phone. Overall positive experience.Ultimate mobile.Awesome screen with battery back up. Processor does well to play heavy games. Samsung s phone features rocks. Overall good phone.Great product and excellent service..Great product and excellent service from Flipkart. The product has been upto the mark as per the companies offerings. Keep it up.battery backup ka BAAP.Superb battery life as compared to other Android devices 
Mind blowing performance 
But 5.5&quot; screen is little a large screenBest Phone!.Everything is so perfect about this phone that I can't seem to find any flaw. It multitasks and handles like a beauty. Perfect!Samsung galaxy note 2 N7100.samsung galaxy note 2 is very excellent and its battery is very good as compare to other samsung smart phone, i like note 2,best one of all samsung phones.i am using it since last 3 months still lot more to discover in it best one of all my previously use phones i suggest to buyawsm product by flipkart.good deal,best product ,great dilevry everything perfect by flipkart very happy and staisfied continue to by from flipkartGood phone..I had brought this product from flipkart a month back and overall satisfied with the phone as well as flipkart sevices.Smart Phone for Smart Peoples.Hello Guys i buyed note from samsung store for 24,448/- , i feel it was a great deal and coming to performance its good, 2gb ram quadcore processor mali 400mp GPU. it will be enough for the another 2years of usage. and this will be good for those who want tablet and phone both.DON'T WASTE MONEY.. ITS NOT WORTH AT ALL!!!!!!!!.I AM NOTE 2 USER 
IAM just stuck for about an year.......... 
its just waste your money..... 
it is always complaints......and a paid for its service about 4000rs! 
you can buy s4 which is a very nice phone more better than note 2 at this price......... 
pleaze don't buy...........Awesome.Meets and beats the expectations. Really impressed with the product and also with the timely delivery by seller.Good phone.Excellent phone. Excellent offer from flipkart. 
3100mAH battery. 
31k for the mobile is slightly costly. 
oknote review.feeling good and on-time delivery. 
always getting genuine products from this online shopping site 
 
THANKSAndroid ka baap !.I received my order within three day of order by flipkart which very fast service. Note 2 is nice mobile with big screen, fast processor. The most nice is thing is its S- pen, very handy and easy to use. Thank you flipkart.com giving me such good phone in less price.Good smartphone in this price tag.Cool smartphone with many features. Really good. Good clarity for video and audio. 
Touch is simply superb.Works like a charm.I purchased this using my ICICI Credit Card to avail an extra 5000 Off which I got credited automatically.PowerHouse in your pocket.One of the best phablet in your pocket, phone never gets tired or lags neither does its juice(battery) !!Samsung galaxy n27100.I have no problem regarding the product. Only concern is battery consumption. Rest it is excellent.nice.the product was delivered in 2 days and the quality is very good.. quite satisfied with the product...Note 2.Samsung Galaxy note 2 is Great product, great specifications, many reviews mentions better battery life when compared to any other similar mobile phone. better to grab, after all its from Samsung and with Flipkart Guaranteee.Excellent smartphone, but too big.Functionwise, this phone leaves no desires. It offers all important and unimportant features. The display is good. The only drawback is its size. This is more tablet than a phone. It is not very handy.bindas.i used this phone it sounds to me that....this is more batter to its price n battery is also batter n its going to 3 to 4 days to using call n sms n games playing......overall i liked this phone......N its android verson is letest n its verson is not having in any phone n its touch is lot of batter n size is also good n i mverry happy to buy this phone.very good phone!!.hey people, i m in need of some guidance!! it would b helpful if anyone could clear my doubt... i bought this device today.. it say there is 16 gb memory, but when i opened the device and started using it, the actual memory available was only 10.36 gb, can anyone tell me why is there such a difference??The Worst service Provider.SAMSUNG provides the worst quality service i have ever seen.if you buy product &amp; you find any defect in product after week or 4 days they are not gonna replace your mobile or they will not replace the defective part till you get exhausted.size matters..Device have the features to make you &quot;wow&quot;.Bigger screen.latest android OS and other features.you can replace it with your tablet but you can't fit it in your pocket as your cell phone. 
 
A device for better visuals and performance but not handy. 
 
 Samsung Galaxy Note IIthere is no document editor.In the business feature list it is mentioned that there is a document editor. However there is no document editor comes with this phone. Need to buy one. Or at least I've not found one so far using the phone for 3 days.bullshit.pls dont waste money on this .... 12000 its ok for this... samsung is just cheating on i=us... so dont fall prey..... buy micromax, nexus instead....BEST ANDROID TILL DATE.WAS WAITING FOR THIS FOR A LONG LONG TIME........... 
HIGHEST SPECIFICATION ANDROID DEVICE TILL DATE............. 
BOUGHT IT FROM SAMSUNG INDIA E-STORE WITH PRE BOOKING OFFER...... 
 
A MUST BUT...........S4 mini insted of Note 2 of the same brand SAMSUNG.No doubt its great but the same brand Samsung is providing Galaxy s4 mini in 27k with the same specification as the Note 2, only the difference is, that the Note 2 is having a large 5.55 inch HD screen whereas the S4 mini has a 4.27 inch qHD screen and Note 2 is having 1.6 GHz quad core processor and S4 mini is having 1.7 GHz dual core processor. And despite of that, S4 mini has 42 mbps 3G speed whereas Note 2 gives 21 mbps 3G speed. So, why to buy Note 2 ?????????, buy S4 mini of the same brand SAMSUNG. 
 
Note 2 ----------------------------------------------------------------- S4 mini 
 
1.6 GHz quad core -------------------------------------------------1.7 GHz dual core 
HD display -------------------------------------------------------------qHD display 
2 GB of RAM-----------------------------------------------------------1.5 GB RAM 
21mbps HSDPA ------------------------------------------------------42mbps HSDPA 
 
Rs. 37000 ---------------------------------------------------------------Rs. 27000 
 
So, why to pay 10000 rupees extra only for 0.5 GB of RAM and 2 cores. And S4 mini has a great 3G speed ???????????? 
 
Buy a Samsung S4 mini insted of Samsung Note 2.Impressed with the hardware.I'm a first time user of Android and Samsung devices. I must say that I'm happy with the device so far. Device is pretty snappy, thanks to good hardware specs and JellyBean. 
 
What I like: 
- Device is pretty snappy 
- Customisations ( I did tons of customisations using tasker and other apps). 
- Google integration 
- Handwriting 
- Large screen 
 
What I don't like: 
- Default android phone app. This is my biggest concern. You don't get a concise view of phone logs, SMS app UI is very mediocre). All that you can see is one line when you start replying to a mail though you have such a big screen) 
 
I don't like most: 
- Power buttons on the right side of the device. You &quot;accidentally&quot; restart the device 2-3 times minimum while holding the phone. 
- Volume buttons on the left. You can hardly access them if you replace the back cover with the flip cover. 
- No mute button. Its hard to press the touch screen every time you want to mute the line.AWWWSOME SPECS AND SOLID LOOKS.... KILLER PHONE....MOST AWAITED CELL PHONE.. WAITING FOR FLIPKART TO CHANGE THE STATUS TO &quot;AVAILABLE&quot;.. IF YOU ARE COMFORTABLE WITH A NON-HANDY PHONE... BLINDLY GO FOR IT... EVEN THE PRICE SEEM TO BE NOT TOO HIGH.. WHILE SOME DUMB PEOPLE PAY AROUND 58K FOR A APPLE IPHONE 5S... ITS NOT SUCH A WASTE TO PAY FOR NOTE 2 INSTEAD OF A BITTEN APPLE...galaxy note 2.i love it and i want to buy it. but in india it is not coming with 4g and nfc. 4g i can understand but why not with nfc. samsung india site dosent mention nfc in specification list. 
they are providing older firmware to indians, the one which dosent hav the function of split screen multitasking. 
please samsung we love you &amp; u should love us back!!When will 64GB Note 2 be released?.Its a great phone, but Samsung should release the 64GB variant at the earliest. Many more people will buy if it is released with 64GB internal memory. 
I hope 64GB variant comes soon. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
. 
 
.good.You guys have gone blind. These smartphones are not at all useful . 
What will you do after you buy this phone ? You're gonna play for a week with its awesome features,try some games etc etc. 
 
And soon samsung releases a Galaxy S4 which will be even more awesome than this phone. 
And soon,apple,nokia and they keep coming and you will feel this phone will suck. And these processors will stop working in a few months. They even lag. 
 
So,go for a phone which is around 10-15k which never change. You will be satisfied . 
 
36K for a mobile ? Are you kidding me ? Seriously you can buy a Bike or a car in EMI. 
 
You can buy a HD tv , AC . 
And more useful,the money you put in here will be enough for your college fee for an year. 
 
And if you have more money and you dont know what to do,donate them somewhere else. But dont buy these phones .Samsung is ridiculous..Worst phones I have ever seen in my life. Strictly not recommended to anyone don&rsquo;t buy Samsung... Mobiles and services provided by the Samsung are really really bad... worst phones from Samsung...Bad UI, Lags badly . Don't go for it.Hi All, 
 
This is my second review after LG G2. 
Friends first of all no phone is perfect . I have tried 3 good phones in a month and trust me I switched back to one of phone which I used during the month. 
 
I am always a fan of LG . I like LG UI and phones . Now a days we can see people are using Samsung mobile phones so it&rsquo;s an automatic perception that Samsung phones are good as most of the people are using. 
My friend told me to go for Note 2 but being a fan of LG G2 and recently I have a hands on LG G2 So I planned to Buy LG G2. 
 
Trust me It&rsquo;s a very good phone with Graphics , UI , Remote , Gaming experience also a good battery life with 10 hours of heavy usage. 
I used to travel from Ghaziabad to Gurgaon which is almost 2 hours journey and during that time I use to play games , chat , talk etc &hellip;.. 
 
The very Bad experience with G2 was it lags , every time I have to used task killer or clean application to free memory and ram . Since I used iPhone with IOS 6 for an one year so compare to iPhone and a normal user this phone lags during opening , call connecting , call pick .. it&rsquo;s not as smooth as I was expecting from this phone &hellip; The lags are too high if it&rsquo;s one time in a day then I would never have been changed this phone but it lags a lot. 
 
So I tried another phone which is called smartphone of the year HTC ONE. 
Trust me this was the phone which fulfill my topmost requirement . I used for 10 days with heavy games and usage . trust me this phone never lags however the HTC sense automatically manage the CPU and RAM . 
I do not need to install third party to clean CPU and RAM. This is the one of the phone which competes my old iPhone. 
Thanks HTC for making a fabulous UI and performance. The camera is good not better but having lots of good feature. 
I should also talks about the beat audio . Boss this rocks everyone in my team used to listen music on my phone . Awsonw sound with bass and tweeter . It remember the old Sony handsets in 2006 having good sounds. No phone is in the market which can beat HTC sound and performance . 
 
But as I told not everything is perfect . This phone bigger drawback is battery drain issue . It last for 6 to 8 hours max usage but if you are listening songs only then it will last for a day . I have to charge twice in a day to use the phone . 
 
Just because of battery drain issue I switched to another phone Note 2. The decision was tough as I never want to be part of Samsung family because of ugly UI but I purchased this phone from flipkart. 
This was my biggest mistake which I regret always. 
 
Note 2 no doubt a good phone with lot of features , excellent battery backup ( HTC one : Note 2) ( 70:100) ration , Excellent camera. But but but it lags badly as soon as you started downloading the apps into the phone if there are less apps then this phone will work amazing but my dear friends you spend 30 K on phone so at least you except fair performance. 
The Samsung UI is ugly , Lags during the call, opening contacts it lags for a friction of seconds . connecting a call is difficult , hangs while picking up the call&hellip;Hangs with heavy games . 
It was very embarrassing movement that you are in a public and you are unable to pick a phone as it stucks lags &hellip; 
 
Trust me my friends. My colleagues don&rsquo;t started believing me but I showed them the problem . They are formatted my phone as per their process but even though it lags. 
 
The user experience which I have receive from HTC one an android phone was unbelievable. 
So I sold this phone and switch back to HTC one once again. For battery issue I have everyday power bank which helps me a lot . 
During 18 hours of journey I switched off my data service and this phone give me backup of complete 1.5 days 
 
I bought this phone after reading reviews on flipkart which helped to make wrong decision so friends request all of you if any phone having any single issue then please share your views. 
For you it may be hardly matters but for others it matters a lot. 
 
Regards 
Ramesh YadavGood phone but price too high.Overall a good phone. However, price is very very high. With 40k you can do lots of things. :P:P 
 
Like: 
1. Plan a travel tour with friends or family 
2. Can buy a bike. 
3. Can buy a car on emi's. 
4. Donate that money to the needy one and buy a cheaper phone instead. 
5. Buy a HD LED TV. 
6. Buy an AC. 
 
So its up to you whether you gonna waste that 40k for just a phone with which you get bore some in a few months or do the things that have been described above.Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N700.No really impressed with the quality/performance. There is always a lag in the display. I used to buy SONY ERRICSON and HPLC phones. Samsung Galaxy Note has only higher specification. In terms of user friendliness, I think Sony phones are much better. 
It is an OK phone. Not worth the price.Gud phone with some Bug.Gud phone to use. 
Long batery life upto 18 hrs. 
Having some android bugs. 
1.I have been using it since past 20 days, It got automatically restarted 2 times. 
2. Automatic calling feature bug: if you put your phone to your years this may call any other number as well instead of calling the person from whom you are reading message.Should be dual SIM.When is the dal SIM version coming out? In India Dual SIM is th only option to manage mobile bills and manage official and personal calls. Looking forward to a dual SIM version with a lower price ofcourse as the current price is too high. After all a 42&quot; HDTV cost is currently the same price as the 5.5&quot; inch mobile. I postponed my high-end phone purchases and insted went in for 2 HDTV's in both bedrooms. Children are now on full time entertainmen fun with PS3, Tata Sky HD Plus, etc..poor design for phone that is above 35k.according to me a product's main aspect is its design and this is thedepartment where samsung lags behind.the basic diiference in terms of appearence b/w grand ,S3 and note 2,and coming S4 is the screen size.otherwise they all look same.a costly product with cheap plastics..in terms of performance samsung is good but if a product is not good from outside then why look for inside.. 
 
cons:- 
Very poor design 
very large display. 
doesn't appeal as an expensive phone..SAmsung is Not what it used to be.Samsung Mobiles are Crap , I purchased Galaxy Note, It used to get Red hot, so hot that i would have lost my ears if i had used it more than 3 mths, i sold it , u know what i sold it at a loss of 7000/- . from 32000 to 25000 in flat 2 mths or so. Samsung u will repent for this. 
When indians lose there money no company can stay here, u are off now samsung. 
 
Next like a utter fool i thought may be coz of big size this must have got hot and i was a die hard samsung follower, so lets give it a benefit of doubt so i purchased again you know what SAmsung S duos recently just 2 mths back it is lauched just like S3 design. 
Now listen my story carefully, in 1st day i could not hear properly simple calls. 
I started my speaker on for just listening to other person on phone, whole world was also listening to me. I said ok lets boost the speakers downloaded &quot;Sound Booster &quot; app from andriod it helped a bit. 
Then while simple apps and multitasking , lagging started in phone , such was the lag effect that i used to pause for 10 secs for every command i entered what a waste of time, simple search of contacts was taking time of more than 8-10secs. Shit phone. 
Sold it a loss , again i am fooled from 17500 - 14000 , a loss of 3500 again 
 
Total loss 10,000/- and pain in my mind , i felt cheated by samsung 
The whole world should know this dump this samsung and korean giant right now 
or else more innocent peoples hard earned money will get lost . like mines. 
 
Say yes to Sony and No to samsung now. 
 
I am a certified Flipkart Buyer u can check. Whatever i have written is word worth in gold. 
 
Lastly i Thank FLIPKART for everything they did for me in atleast trying there best to resolve my issues. Flipkart tere jaise yaar kahan....Samsung is Cheating.Guys, 
 
If you see Samsung's tactic in India they make Cell Phone and after 6 months to 1 year you can see so much offers and discounts on the item as they will be planning to lunch a new Phone again. 
 
If you compare the Samsung S4 Price in US to India its so much difference in Price there.And withing 2 months only S4 has decreased its price by 2000/-.Some rubbish going on. 
 
Imagine the Samsung S3 Price when it was lunched in India it was around 38K. 
On Present day you can get it at 27K. 
11k difference,you can't rechage talktime of 11l in 1-1.5 years. 
They are cheaters only.I HATE NOTE 2  ( Like it or hate it...Honest review ...READ).I just hate the phone ..I just HATE IT..First time I hold the phone It was a really disgusting experience. Its Massive I cant even hold it with my one hand ...My sister was laughing the way I was holding it with two hands..She said baap re !..Really, phones should not be that big..Next the purpose of making such big screens is solely for watching videos...Now that is where I doubt their talent...Its a DISGUSTING DISPLAY. SUPERRR AMOLED = crap. Started pain after watching a clip for few minutes. Trust me its an eye killing device...I cud not believe it bcoz I have a samsung monitor led which is the best in the display quality ...Seriously I am writing this review to aware people with sensitive eyes specially children and youngsters..buy it only to bcome blind(I was feeling it) or if u want headache(my sister was feeling it)..All apps movies photos ...all exciting is gone when u look at the device ...If I have been granted a God wish I will destroy AMOLED display machine. 
 
NEXT, 30k + and cheap plastic back cover..? Are we that dumb or samsung dont have any class ! The materials used is the key area where devices price jump and customer choose the best out of the lot..In my opinion this plastic phone should thrown in the trash the moment we pick it up...In this area , I feel Samsung is really STEALING OUR MONEY. 
 
Next, unpolished apps..os..lags sometimes..os not efficiently uses cpu's power 
 
Finally , 
 
Pros : 
------ 
Exynos 4 : performance but os cant capitalize it 
Android : Lot of free apps..many are crappy apps but free apps..so go and download free crappy apps 
Pen : Solely made for office purpose..very useful ..USP for the product 
 
Cons : (Lots of) 
--------------------- 
Design &amp; Aesthetics : Either samsung don't have class ( Samsung dont know how to make great product) OR they are STEALING money by selling plactics (Making huge money) 
 
Display : DEADLY in terms of Quality..It may seriously harm ur eyes and cause u headache ! 
Size : Dinosaur of phones ..Its truly not a phone its phablet crap. 
Apps : Unpolished , jaggy, laggy, and feels crappy 
Price : I feel they are robbing the world by selling CHEAP plastic intentionally..I think they have made a profit of a billion $ from it..Moreover when U go to service centers if product have no warranty..the biggest illiterates, idiots, clowns and rascals charge u same as if a doctor charges in metro cities 
 
SAMSUNG IS THE BIGGEST FRAUD IN SMARTPHONE INDUSTRY. 
NEVER EVER BUY SAMSUNG ! I cant give -ve points so 1 star... 
 
Or 
 
Blackberry Z10 or Q10 ABSOLUTE BEST CHOICE !Important message.Samsung has launched new note III you will get better specs than this 
note III vs this 
Full hd vs just hd 
5.7in vs 5.5in 
3gb vs 2gb 
13 mp/2 mp vs 8 mp /1.8 mp 
new spen and software vs old 
laether back vs plastiic back 
and the most imporatnt thing is processor 
samsung said that note III will get snapdragon 800 or exynos 5420(this processor is faster than s4(5410) and will get mali 6core gpu instead of s4's powervr544mp4 which claimed 2x faster gpu than s4&quot;s) 
so think thrice before you buy this or you will be deeply disapointed 
this will ptrobably launched in india in month of october 
price will be around 36k to 42k inr 
so waitGOOD PHONE BUT APPLE IPHONE 5 IS NOT CRAP.I HAVE NOT BOUGHT THE NOTE 2 BUT HAVE USED IT.I HAVE ALSO USED S3 AS WELL.BOTH THESE ARE WONDERFUL PHONES WITH LARGE CRISP DISPLAYS AND SUPERFAST QUADCORE PROCESSORS.BUT I WOULD ADVICE EVERYONE NOT TO CONSIDER I PHONE 5 AS CRAP.APPLE IS FOLLOWING A PATH OF PORTABILITY AND USABILITY WHILE SAMSUNG PHONES JUST KEEP BECOMING BIGGER AND BULKIER.I PHONE 5 IS TRADEMARK PRODUCT OF APPLE.EVEN WITH A DUAL CORE PROCESSOR IT MANAGES TO BE FASTER THAN THE S3 WHEN IT COMES TO BROWSING AND APPS AND NO VOICE RECOGNITION IS AS GOOD AS SIRI 
SO FRIENDS,NOTE2 AND S3 ARE WONDERFUL BUT TO ME I PHONE 5 IS THE BESTIS IT WORTH 40K..??.GALAXY NOTE 1 WAS A BIG HIT NO DOUBT, BUT IS IT GOING TO BE THE SAME ? WELL THE PHONE IS SLIGHTLY HEAVIER THEN THE PREDECESSOR AND HAS REALLY LOW PIXEL DENSITY AS COMPARED TO S3 OR NOTE 1. I GUESS ONE SHOULD WAIT FOR PRICES TO GET SLIGHTLY LOWERED AND THIS WILL PROVE OUT TO BE A GREAT BUY. I STILL THINK S3 IS QUIET BETTER AS IT FITS IN HANDS QUIET EASILY AND 4.8 INCH IS REALLY BIG! NOTE 2 HAS A BETTER BATTERY (3000 MAH)BUT I AM NOT SURE WHETHER IT IS ENOUGH FOR SUCH A GIANT MACHINE. WELL I LEAVE IT YOU MY FRIENDS WHETHER YOU WANT TO PURCHASE THIS BEAST OR NOT, I WOULD SUGGEST TO WAIT FOR PRICES TO GET DROPPED! 
 
CHEERS, 
Tanmay TiwariNote-2 is not compatible with Normal Sim card.I received this product few days back from flipkart but sim card could not be inserted. After going through manual and speaking to samsung, I came to know that handset is compatible with Micro sim card only. But, I use different phones on different occasions by inserting the same sim card. But, If I cut my sim card for Note-2, it will be limited to note-2 only, will not be able to use the same in another phone. Listing did not mention anything about &quot;Micro sim card&quot;. Flipkart should have stated the facts in product listing. 
 
I have, therefore, returned the product. Will buy Samsung Galaxy Note which is compatible with normal sim card.why note.this phone is very very nice. but is of no use 
this is a machine this can play many video simultaneously, But we humans are not machine to watch all videos. 
very huge to handle. if u can handle large phone than buy tab 2Meh.....The phone in itself is a gorgeous piece of device.However, it has nothing innovative to offer. 
I would recommend the Lumia 920 for anyone in this price range as its probably the best phone on the market right nowgood but not so far.pretty good but galaxy note is far far far better than note 2 
it's useless to waste 10000 for note 2,coz it don't give as much facilities in comparison with samsung galaxy note 
:(////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////Its better you buy a decent tab!!!.You'll regret after few days for buying this crappy slate. Trust me its very difficult to use this as a phone. I would recommend to buy a decent tablet which is available between 10 to 15k and a good smart phone for daily use. 
 
Check out the Windows mobiles available in market or wait for the amazing Lumia's (620, 820 and 920) lined up. 
 
Thank you ;)Reply to ANUP KUMAR.I am not a samsung hater or an apple hater as my parents own a iPhone 5 and S3, and I have a iPod Touch 5 as I'm just 14, but your review was completely biased and pointless and WRONG. 
 
You Said: 
 
God has a new Name - Note-2 
Mistrio'fab &quot;Day Counting&quot;, No shit,straight to d point :D 
 
Mega Pro's :- 
1) Gigantic Processor 1.6 Quad (Apple 5 :- 1Ghz Dual n slow as grand pa) 
 
ME: Iphone 5 has an A6 (1 GHz Dual Core) but it is iOS optimised so it gives a much more fluidic performance than even 1.6 Quad core. 
 
2) 2 Gig Ram to Kill Any app made on this earth or other dimension or even by GOD himself .(Apple 5 :- Still wid 1 gig n lags behind benchmark) 
 
ME: Apple has apps (much more than Android app store) specially made for it so it can handle any app from iTunes easily. 
 
3)Mali 400 can run any graphic intensive app like butter, wid no hang or lag or stuck or whatsoever like in Apple. 
 
ME: Play FIFA 13, oops android doesn't have it yet, so go play FIFA 12. You'll open your eyes to an apple wonder. 
 
4)S-Voice ,can do whatever u command, weather/Call/Text/Alarm/meeting etc. no limit. 
 
ME: Siri, much ahead than S-Voice, though S-Voice is killer too. 
 
5)S-Pen ,Still d King;Still Incomparable. Wid Air View ,10 yrs ahead of so called Apple. 
 
ME: iPhone's screen is so easy to handle that your thumb can do wonders. 
 
6)Battery :- it lasts for 3-4 days if u just uses it for Call on WCDMA/GSM . Playing games is in ur list then it would last for a day. 
 
ME: Your on the spot with that though iPhone has the same call. 
 
Cons :- 
 
1) Still Looking for con's ,sorry but there isn't Any. 
 
ME: Size, for some it is very uncomfortable to hold. 
  Screen, Samsung still has to improve a lot on the screen resolution and pixel density. 
 
VERDICT :- 
 
When you buy a Lamborghini u don't see how much gas it cost u ,how d long it will give u mileage or whatsoever. You buy it for Speed &gt; Passion &gt; Madness &gt; Status. The same applies in Note:-2 ,If u gat 40 grand in ur pocket n still looking to buy an another shit of Apple as A5 or other, then my friend i would like to give FREE Advice &quot;Galaxy Note -2 is a performance oriented wid futuristic apps wid massive 5.5 inch screen, where Apple sell on only hype wid Grand pa IOS, Tiny Screen,crappy battery life wid no open source. 
 
ME: iPhone is so good you won't miss open source and you'll obviously look much better carrying iPhone to your office rather a phone made for the young. 
 
Overall, 
Note 2 is an absolute buy but if you are office going or like your phone to be update or as a status symbol, go for iPhone.dont buy it.hate it please dont buy it its the worst device on this earth touching sensors are very very poor camera is the worst quality not a single app gets downloaded i m sucked....... 
 
warning : dont buy it.......Sansung V/s i Phone 4/5.@Anup Kumar, 
It is unfair to compare iphone 4/5 with samsung because samsung loose big time. Don't go bt the specs along. i phone has been designed to last world war 3 but the samsung, I am afraid, cant be expected to do so. Drop the samsung and i phone and the display of the samsung will be out within no time. Plus i phone is all about posh looks and Standard, which i am afraid the Samsung is light years behind. Every tom dick and harry can afford a samsung but only few blessed can ever afford an i phone. All samsung models are copies of i phone or Nokia or Blackberry. My friend had a Samsung S2 wich went from bad to dead in just under 6 months. And the after sales service experience proved even worse. 
 
The lamborgini in the comparison is the i Phone and the Samsung is worth no more than a farm Tractor with a beefed up engine and transmission. 
Sorry Samsung !!!Samsung is great!! HTC is not!! Pathetic service by HTC!.I must warn you before buying any HTC phone! The kind of service I have received is absolutely shocking considering it is such a big brand! 
 
In the past 1 year that I have owned my htc desire z, I have had to give it for servicing 2 times. First time they took a month to repair and the second time, I went to collect it after almost 2 months, and while checking the phone at the service center, it started giving a completely new problem!! So had to give it back immediately for another repair!! 
 
Their network is so bad that nobody knows what is the status of the phone. They have outsourced their front-end service to the most useless people who never cooperate. The customer care is just some call center who sweet-talk you into believing you will get the phone while the actual service center is somewhere in Bangalore and everyone bluntly refuses to provide the contact number for that!! 
 
I have wasted so much time &amp; money on making calls trying to follow up and I have even had to go till their higher management but its of no use... 
 
If you are buying htc, then you're just asking for trouble.nice phone.wastage of money phone you find a nice from nokia company and with no of features in it.And also Nokia much reliable then sumsung...................... 
 
According to its a okay like phone to me so i don't say that its not a good phone but as compared to nokia phone it little bit lower than it. infact nokia is always nokiaworst phone ever.i got it from a samsung retailer . 2 peices for me and my friend . my phone hangs often and comes in box with android v4.0 ICS and touchwiz makes the experience even poor. looks like using a s duos . it is just too big as a phone an comes wit great specifications an mammoth battery . i would suggest to go for an iphone 4s or 5 . atleast you get good phone , great apps and good specifications and nor a plastic toy with processor and speed . now a new case arrives the touch responds after 3 seconds . told samsung . they say nothing can be done . they want an addititional rs 8000 for repair . never even given the phone a bump . what further no jelly bean upgrade on even my friend's phone who gets v2.3 out of the box . dont buy note 2. it is not a good phone and not worth it .WHAT YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THIS PHONE...Well, I somehow managed to order the 16gig in the after noon as soon as i saw it available on launch day, 6th feb and it was an awesome feeling..Fools are those who are scolding Flip and rating the product 1, coz they were thinking whether to order it or not while others grabbed it in first look. 
 
Now, about the phone this phone is really superb as much as I know I researched a lot about it coz i want value for my money. I will be writing a full review after using it (delivery date is 10th feb) 
I was looking for the phone that will suit my needed specifications. for more than 2 months I was looking and wasn't satisfied with any of the phone in the market. good phones are too costly and I was unable to decide which phone to choose 
 
What i needed - 
1.A tough rugged phone. I am careless I usually carry keys in pocket with phone and scratches makes me feel that my phone is getting old 
2. good battery life. I am tired of charging my old phone 2-3 times a day 
3. fast processor I am not that much into mobile gaming coz I prefer my PC for gaming purpose still I need a good response when I order my phone to open an app it should do it in blink of eye else its dead mister. 
4.I also needed a good display and good sound quality I love music and a little show off among friends, 
5 a camera good enough for casual use mostly for instagram and facebook. 
 
What I am getting is - 
 
1. Corning gorilla 3 protection which is scratch proof even if you try to scratch it with keys 
2. water resistant (oops I accidentally put my phone with my clothes to wash good lord its alive). 
3. snapdragon 400 1.2 gh (I saw reviews on youtube and its almost as fast as nexus 4 that is 25k sometimes it was faster than samsung s4 ) 
4.display is awesome 326pixels per inch on a 4.5 inch screen and that on an apple iphone 4s its 329ppi on a 4 inch screen Impressive!!! moto g 
5.According to one of the reviews in youtube the call clarity in other phones is better but the noise cancellation in moto g is better so I guess it is for me coz i mostly work in noisy surrounding. 
6. the camera is not the best but in good light it will give you decent images with bright colors and it records 720p hd so nothing to question. 
7. customizable colored covers which will never let you feel bored the color options are really good bright and lively 
8.Dual sim - avail the best std and local offers by two service providers 
9. the phone gives 50 gb google drive space for 2 years 
10 the phone is usb otis compatible you can connect a 32 gb pendrive if extra space is needed(although i dont need it I already spent 50k on my laptop and 5k on an external drive for storage. 13 gig that is available is decent for me ) 
I think in India we are getting charger and headphones i hope so 
 
what I didn't get 
1. NFC(near field communication) only yesterday i came to know what nfc means and believe me you are not going to use it even if you get it so dont waste ur hard earned money unless ur dad is having an audi or a mercedes. 
2.expandable memory (boy that really feels but grrr why didnt they just add an expandable slot -_- 
3.A 5.5 inch screen well, I am buying a phone not a tab 
rest everything is there as far as my requirements are concerned 
As a whole I found what I was searching for 2 months and at a price less than what my budget, actually I was looking for a phone in the range 15-16k and I got this one in 14k so high cheer and Rs1000 for beer.... :) 
Although I have tried to be honest in this review but its not justified till i use it...waiting eagerlyBest phone under 20000.Beware Samsung , moto is here. This phone is way better than even above 20000 samsung galaxy shits. It feels super smooth. Absolutely no lag in anything. Gaming performance is also very good. Do note that all this it does in 1GB RAM , so this means that blind hardware specs have no meaning on performance. 
 
From the physical build point of view it feels rock solid. You can actually search up youtube videos on its drop test. This is also liquid resistant , so if you accidentally drop it in water it will just work. There's also one video in youtube where its dropped for 30 minutes and it still works. Really crazy!! 
 
Bottom line is this is the highest ended phone among the low end spec phones and it raises the bar quite high. So just go for it.Don't blame flipkart.Why am i hearing such negative feedback for flipkart ? just because you were late to get your hands on this device? seriously you people are pathetic &amp; not flipkart. you guys should understand people who sell mobiles online(ebay) will go &amp; place orders asap,so you guys should take precaution to wake all night &amp; purchase it. be thankful to flipkart they made it available for you people at such an amazing price. And non of you will die if you don't get this device now,as its out of stock.sooner or later it will be available so until then keep patience.Best Phone in the range.I have this phone using from 2 weeks, its the best phone and great value for money 
Got kitkat update immediately 
Just zero lag, played subway surfers and temple run its just smooth. 
Signal strength is excellent 
16GB version has 12.92GB available for user 
500MB (total 900MB) available for user after all apps 
Screen resolution is excellent 
Camera - Images and videos are good, I will never use mobile as &quot;digital still camera&quot; 
Cool Motorola apps 
Both Speakers, external and for call are good 
Battery lasts for more than 24hrs with moderate call usage and 2G on for 8hrs and wifi rest of the day 
I would strongly recommend, Happy to be back to Motorola - my first mobile phoneA total bang for the buck! (People please, review the product and not the service).The phone is great. Way better than its counterparts and competitors. The one thing that I always look in a phones besides the usual - screen, processor, build quality - is battery life and Motorola has delivered it hands down! A 5 star product all the way! 
 
P.S As I mentioned in the parenthesis, people please review the product and not the service i.e FlipKart. The phone is totally worth the money, but if you guys are giving the product 1 star because the it was out of stock just doesn't make any sense! 
The review column is dedicated to reviewing products and the feedback page is used for venting out your anger on Flipkart.THOSE WHO ARE AFRAID OF DEFECTS, PLEASE READ ATLEAST ONCE!.Guys, here I will not talk of the specs, that you might have already checked. 
 
I ordered Moto G 16GB on 10th feb 6:55 PM and received on 19th Feb. Since FK don&rsquo;t ship in UP so I had to go to Haryana to receive it. I was a bit afraid while unboxing but to my relief, the product was not defected. I used it for about 3 days then updated to Android 4.4 Kitkat. Being on WiFi, the update was time taking.. took about 3 hrs.. No issues after the update, instead the UI is buttery smooth now, the dialler and lock screen music playback is just awesome. The update is perfect I haven&rsquo;t felt any bugs. 
 
FEW MISCONCEPTIONS TREATED AS DEFECTS: 
 
1&gt;	Those who say the phone is not booting up after the battery is empty: After starting phone first time, connect the charger provided &amp; check if its working or not. Charge it completely. Don&rsquo;t let the battery empty. 
2&gt;	Those who say screen is unresponsive while charging: Yes, its True. But its not a bug. It happens while charging from incompatible charger. Try using any other charger. It also happened on my previous HTC phone. 
3&gt;	Notification Light: it blinks for unread notifications &amp; when charging the empty battery. If you want to change its usage pattern use &ndash;Light flow&mdash;app from Play Store. 
4&gt;	USB OTG works even better after Kitkat update. Check out the Geekyranjit&rsquo;s Youtube video. 
5&gt;	Those who say battery drains faster after Kitkat update: That&rsquo;s not an issue it will happen for 6-7 charge cycles and then it would be fine. 
 
A FEW RECOMMENDATIONS: 
 
1&gt;	The phone uses Micro Sim. So, keep a Micro SIm ready so you can start instantly. You can either cut the existing SIM to micro Sim by yourself or at any shop. 
2&gt;	Please use the device for at least 3 days and then upgrade to kitkat. It will help you to understand if there is any problem with hardware. Otherwise after update you will be confused if it&rsquo;s a hardware issue or update bug! 
3&gt;	I don&rsquo;t think there is NO need of screen guard as it has Corning Gorilla Glass 3. All you need is a flip cover. 
 
Those who are giving 1* to device they are either jealous of such a great device or frustrated with device delivery by Flipkart. 
I will also write blog on moto G: exploretheandroid . blogspot . in 
 
If you found it helpful then please Click on &ndash;YES- below. Thanks!Best Budget Smartphone.Its a cheap,cheerful and reliable phone.With such low price one wonders there must be something wrong with it but there isn't. Now every phone has some pros and cons but in this case the cons are very few. 
First i will talk about the enormous pros. 
 
Design 
The design of moto g is the replica of moto x.Its a tough phone with a good handy size and the back of the phone is a rubber like plastic with a dimple of motorola logo which makes it very comfortable to hold it.It also has a water repellent nano-coating .This doesn't make it water proof, but at least makes it more resistant to the odd spill/splash. 
 
Screen 
One of the biggest highlights of the Moto G is its 4.5-inch 720p HD IPS LCD, which works out to a density of 329 pixels per inch i.e sharper than Apple's iPhone 5s, which offers 326ppi. 
It has also used Corning Gorilla Glass 3 on the Moto G to protect it from scratches which is usually found on premium devices priced at Rs. 30,000 and above. 
 
Camera 
It delivers pretty decent clicks with a 5 mp rear and 1.3 mp front camera with led flash and HD recording.It has a unique feature of slow motion video recording also with other features HDR and panorama. 
 
Processor &amp; Performance 
The Moto G is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with Adreno 305 graphics and 1GB of RAM onboard.The performance is great.It doesn't slows down even with 4-5 background applications running.Even when playing a heavy graphics game like Asphalt-8:Airborne it runs very smoothly.And when i performed a benchmark test by AnTuTu it recorded a score of 11,874 which is pretty close to big phones nexus 4 and Galaxy S III. 
 
Software 
One of the best features of moto g is that it has the lastest android version i.e 4.4 KitKat and that too with a stock android,stock edition users get the latest versions of Android OS immediately they are out, while customized users have to wait months &ndash; and sometimes a year (Ahem! Sony.. cough!) to get updates to their device. 
 
Battery Life 
The 2070 mAh seems low but actually it isn't in the case of moto g.The battery life of moto g is pretty decent.With a normal usage it lasted about a day and with heavy usage like playing games,movies with wifi/3g enabled the whole time and calling for 2-3 hours it lasted for about 12-13 hours,which was not bad. 
 
Cons 
The only downside of moto g is that there is no NFC.Although NFC is a pretty cool tech but think about it even if it had would you use it. 
 
Verdict 
At this price point, no other phones offer an experience that is as good, so in that sense the Moto G is a game changer.I bought it and i definetly recommend you to get it.Please read this before you buy anything from flipkart.Hi Everyone 
 
This is my second instance where flipkart sold worst product this mobile which i bought does not recognize sim card. 
previous I bought Lumia 800 after few months mobile was not getting turned on 
When I gave to Nokia warranty center they said Mother board seal is broken and they wont accept under warranty service my 18000 bugs gone now. 
Please do not waste your money in Flipkart they are selling Second hand mobiles. 
 
ITS TRUE PLEASE DO NOT WASTE MONEY IN FLIPKART.Great Product - But I got a lemon.I got this for my mom - My dad has Nexus 4 and that phone is next to perfect. 
 
I thought I'll get mom her own Android device, and this fit the bill. Incredible specs - Amazing display (more PPI than my iPhone 5), quad core processor, 1 GB RAM etc and dual sim too. 
 
However, most times, my mom is not able to make a call (Unable to Call messages abound). When I try reaching her in either of the SIM, it either doesn't ring or I get 'Out of Service' message. Rebooting the phone temporarily fixes the problem, but eventually problem reappears. 
 
The phone shows full signal strength in both SIMs, but, it is both unable to make a call or to receive calls. (Data works with WiFi) 
 
I might be hoping foolishly, but I think some software upgrade might fix this. 
 
Good phone, may be just my piece is bad. (my bad luck!)Almost 5/5, But Not Quite.In the box: 
Moto G 
Wall charger 
Wired headset 
Quick start guides in Hindi and English 
Warranty card 
 
The Phone: 
It's a vibrant HD screen that's just the right size and has a clean, stock Android interface. Viewing angles are limited but I don't mind this because it means people can't peek around your shoulder. 
 
The phone feels premium to hold and processing power is good, so's the RAM and the phone barely lags (though it does occasionally slow down when changing apps). The matte back panel of the phone has an extremely pleasing texture but is also a smudge magnet. Also, no screen guard was provided in the box and none can be found on flipkart. 
 
Both these problems, however, are solved by the flip cover I purchased with the phone, which is even more premium. The thoughtfully located Moto logo has a depression perfect for my index finger, and the magnetic felt-lined cover will autolock or unlock and clean fingerprints on your phone when you flip it. 
 
The Cameras: 
No amount of smooth scrolling will make up for the halfpenny back camera and the severely inadequate 1.3 MP front camera. Although the camera is capable of shooting slo-mo videos (this is really, really cool), they are grainy and jerky. Movement in the video is not smooth and I can only put this down to low FPS. The camera is unusable in low light and is average at best in normal light. The LED flash is blinding. 
 
The Battery: 
Although it's too soon to say anything about battery life, from my estimates it should do 24 hrs on one full charge with moderate wifi and 3G use. 
 
The Accessories: 
Apart from the phone, everything in the box was majorly disappointing. The headphones feel cheap, sound substandard and are really not worth reviewing. No data cable was included in the box. Instead I received only a micro-usb wall charger. Hello, moto? 
 
UPDATE: I attempted to transfer files with several data cables on multiple computers and there is a glaring issue here: the phone does not stay connected for more than two minutes at a time. Windows Explorer hangs when i try to transfer multiple albums simultaneously as they take longer than 2 mins to transfer. When I first plug it into the PC it is recognised as device XT1033 but then 2 mins later it just drops off the PC and all transfers hang. Then I have to manually disconnect and reconnect the data cable, and I have another 2 minute window to transfer files before it drops off again. The phone is charging all this while, though. 
 
I am getting in touch with flipkart about this issue. 
 
UPDATE 2: I turned on USB debugging through the Developer Options and this has apparently resolved the connection-drop issue. No cause could be found for the issue I faced earlier. I will update if it returns. 
 
It is worth noting that the loudspeaker is incredibly powerful and distortion-free. The ear-speaker unit is also fairly loud and does the job. 
 
I had come to the comforting conclusion that 8 GB models were finally out of fashion - it's 2014. Evidently I was wrong. I strongly urge everyone to invest the extra 1.5k for a 16 GB model. 
 
I must also mention that the power button and volume rockers were crisp and responsive when the phone arrived but have become loose within 8 hours - what the hell? 
 
Price - 7/10 
Build quality - 8/10 
 
Pros: 
Solid build - water resistant, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 
Premium feel 
Excellent for everyday use 
Stock Android interface + 4.4 Kitkat update imminent 
Critically acclaimed price-point 
 
Cons: 
Mediocre cameras - both of em 
In-the-box accessories are worthless 
No screenguard included or available online, but problem solved by flipcover 
No expandable memory, though it supports OTG 
Motorola Device ID - the world renowned lost phone tracker - is not available in India 
 
Verdict: 
Worthy of the hype. Almost worth the price. One of the best deals under 15k. 
 
P.s. 
It took me 6 tries to get to the payment page because by the time I would get there it would be sold out, and I'd have to refresh the product page. Then when I finally placed the order at around 1315 hrs, it kept alternating between &quot;payment succesfully completed&quot; and &quot;transaction incomplete&quot;. Then at 1350 hrs it finally stabilised to &quot;payment successfully completed&quot;. Then flipkart started adding random orders for the 8 GB version which I had never placed. These orders are still visible now in my track orders list, even though I never placed them. They were cancelled when I called their helpline number and they revealed there were multiple technical breakdowns because of a massive influx of customers. I received my phone the next day as per the guarantee.Hello Moto G !.I was one of the lucky few who were able to successfully order the 16GB model. I haven't seen a product on Flipkart getting sold out so quickly ( in half an hour!), especially on the day of the launch. 
 
Flipkart's delivery was exceptional as always and the product was delivered to me at noon today (7th February 2014, ie in 1 Day!) even though I opted for standard shipping. The box contains quick start guides (in Hindi and English), warranty card, wall charger, wired headset and of course, the stunning Moto G. An interesting observation is that the phone available in the US comes without the headset and the wall charger but instead, only has a USB cable. +1 to Motorola on giving extra stuff to Indian customers. 
 
Coming to the phone, not only does it have amazing hardware specs (kindly refer to the description on Flipkart, no point in repeating the same here) but it is very well designed too. The detailed observations are listed below - 
 
Design - 
The Moto G has a great design and the button placement is really good, with the lock/unlock button being easily accessible, irrespective of the hand in which it is being held. The rounded edges make it feel slimmer and at around 140 grams, it is certainly not the heaviest phone around. The most striking design feature is that it is difficult to to differentiate between the display and the bezel, making the front appear like it is 'monolithic', similar to the design of Nexus devices. 
 
Screen - 
The 720p IPS LCD display at 329 ppi is spectacular and the colours produced are vivid and the saturation levels are very good. The viewing angles are great and the unit I received did not contain any dead pixels, as reported by a few people. The presence of Gorilla Glass 3 serves as an icing on the cake, making the Moto have the best display in its class by far. 
 
Processor - 
Powered by a 1.2 Ghz quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 chipset with Adreno 305, there is no compromise felt in performance. Opening and switching between apps is very fast and swiping across and pinching in and out on the screen is very responsive and no lag is felt whatsoever, thanks to the 1GB of RAM. Again, no phone in this price range stands a chance against the Moto. 
 
Operating System - 
The OS is almost stock Android in terms of the UI and Motorola has added a few of its applications like - 
1. Moto Assist (schedules tasks such as silencing the phone during a meeting or while sleeping), 
2. Moto Migrate (to transfer stuff from your old phone), 
3. Moto Device ID (to track the phone if it gets lost) etc. 
These apps are very useful and consume minimal resources and hence it is highly unfair to classify them as bloatware (as some people claim). 
The device runs Android Jelly Bean 4.3 and an upgrade to Kitkat (ie 4.4) is around the corner, which should improve performance further, adding more features at the same time. 
 
Camera - 
One of the most criticised features of this phone is undoubtedly the camera, which takes 5MP photos. However, when compared to my friend's Nexus 4 (which has an 8MP camera), the results were a pleasant surprise. 
We took photos of the same object at 1X zoom and on comparison, we agreed on the fact that the pics taken by the Moto G were on par with the Nexus 4, if not better, despite having the lower megapixel count. 
I also compared the camera with another friend's HTC Desire SV (8 MP). The Moto takes much better and sharper photos and makes the comparison feel unfair! 
This not only confirms claims that the Nexus 4 has a relatively poor camera but also proves that a higher megapixel count does not necessarily mean better photos. 
 
Battery life is supposed to be good although it is too early to reach a judgement. I will be subsequently updating this review with more information. 
 
I would recommend the 16GB model even though it is not in stock now since the phone storage cannot be expanded due to the absence of a micro sd card slot. Waiting for some time for the same would prove to be advantageous in the longer run. 
 
Overall, the device is the best phone in this price range by far, and is in fact better than many which cost more. If you are on the lookout for a phone in the sub 15K price range, look no further because it does not get better than this ...Wow!!!.That's the only word I came to mind when I got this wonderful piece in my hand. Its an amazing device, providing pure google experience, Good display, Camera is decent and 16 GB is good enough for all your needs. 
 
Camera build quality is quite decent, no lagging while playing games, headphone is ok but that what you can expect under 14K. 
 
I am loving it!!!!!!!Poor ethics - False offers to sell MotoG 8GB, dont fall for the tricks.Buying MotoG in combo offer was a bad choice. Flipkart has very bad integrity issues. 
I have never seen a cheap marketing strategy like this before. I've ordered MotoG on the first day, I was told that Ill be sent Rs 500 + Rs 1000 voucher and also Motorola Flip cover for a discounted price. 
Guess what !!!! 
I got the phone which is good, but unfortunately they are not giving me any of the offers. No coupons, no flip cover no nothing. They refunded a cheap Rs.50 and told that the reseller does not have the flip cover !!!! 
Funny guys, they just put a promo so that everyone can buy the phone and screw up the promo products. 
 
I am planning to write comments in every blog site possible. 
 
Any of you guys experienced something similar? Please suggest ways to expose such integrity issues.Awesome phone with an awesome user experience! Go for it!.This phone feels like you are holding a very premium phone in your hand. Awesome feel. After using it for last 12 days, I can say this is the best you can get below Rs. 20000/-. I bought the 16 gb version. 
So, here are some useful points for new buyers: 
1) Display: Awesome, crisp, clear, vivid and beautiful. 
2) Speed and performance: Zero lag, lightening fast. Pure Android experience as expected from &amp; by Google. After the kitkat update, the performance is much better as kitkat is optimized for 512MB RAM phones. So, 1GB is more than enough here! Battery performs really well, goes for 1.5-2 days on one full charge with nominal usage. With heavy 3G usage, it goes for 1 day+. 
3) Call quality: No issues! Clean and clear! 
4) Build quality: just great, design is awesome. Its a joy holding this phone in your hand. Corning Gorilla glass 3 and water repellent coating makes the phone life proof. 
5) Camera: In this department, the phone is behind other phones which have 8MP cameras. But still, for a 5MP camera, it takes good photos in day light. But, its bad in dark. Flash is powerful. (Use droidlight by motorola app for using it as a torch) 
6)Storage: 16GB version gives you 12.xx GB for use, I feel its good enough for me. Also you may connect an USB/pen drive using the micro usb cable and watch movies/listen to songs. It works on kitkat also without any paid software, you just need a file manager (free). 
 
So, overall it's a thumbs up for this phone! 
 
PLEASE NOTE (For those who have queries): 
1)The service center names which flipkart is sending with the product are old ones, the latest ones can be viewed on in.motorola.com &gt; moto g &gt; customer service &gt; authorized service centers. 
2) Those who are complaining that the phone is not genuine : Motorola has officially launched the phone exclusively via flipkart (can be read on their fb, twitter pages), so you will surely get a genuine product. Also, on the moto g box it is written : Imported in India by Flipkart India. 
3) Some users are purposely trying to defame the moto g because lots of people are buying moto g which is available only on flipkart and this is not good for Indian companies and offline retailers. They are reposting the same review after deleting it. So, don't fall for such reviews. Motorola makes very high quality phones. 
4) Also, I read on review in which the person claims that his phone fell from 2.5 feet and his screen glass was broken which is completely fake. His phone must have fell on a very sharp and hard material or was smashed under something. Gorilla glass 3 is very sturdy it wont break that easily.. He just wants to have a refund/replacement for free. 
5) Regarding ringtones : Just install a file manager or use your pc and move the song (which u want to set as ringtone) in ringtones folder. 
6) SIM not detected after kitkat update: just reboot your phone. Motorola has said that they are bringing an update soon to fix this. 
7) Availability of stocks: The stocks have reached flipkart.com, but they will not update the status on buying page till all old orders are cleared. So have patience, you will get your moto-g soon. 
8) Unable to share mp3 files: this is another rumor spread by anti- moto g reviewers. I have shared audio files a lot of times using moto g. 
 
So, be care free and order it! It's the best phone ever under 20k. You will surely get a replacement from flipkart if the piece is faulty (which is very rare)Are you people stupid..Just cause of no availability, and the phone went out of stock, people are giving a rating of 1 start. You are not rating flipkart here. But bringing the rating of this phone down. 
Gather your grey matter and kindly think before ranting out here, and while selecting the star(s).THE WAY BUDGET PHONES SHOULD BE...Product review: I was amazed by the specifications at this price point.. And after a long research decided to buy it. phone well built, fast, responsive, can handle almost anything thrown at it.. Camera is average, speakers are loud as well as the call quality is good.. 
Bang for the buck go for it.. 
My only complain is the accessories are priced on the higher side...Amazing Moto G.Lost ma phone two weeks back and started a research for a phone with gud specs nearby 15k range. I went through Grand, Duos,Core,lamia :P 520,620,720,Xperia C,Z, Turbo,Canvas HD, Xolo play, Gionee E7,E6,E5 and finally got a hold on to E3. Thought of buying it by the end of this month. Suddently the Moto G came to my notice and went thorugh a hell lot of reviews of UK and US versions, drop test, water test, scratch test,performance test, graphics test and all kinds of bull shit. The only two phones that made me happy was Moto G and Gionee E3 (around 15k pls dont compare these phones with HTC-1, note 3 or lamia 1020) . Motorola's reputation and Gionee's after sales Service myth prompted me to take a decision. a final one 
 
           INSIDE THE BOX :: 
 
01) Phone 
02) Earphone (very bad) 
03) Normal charger 
04) INVOICE with two IMEI number :P 
05) Lots of papers (warranty info and service centre details) 
 
              PROS: 
 
01) Processor capable of handling anything thrown at it. Simply no lag 
02) Memory, open any num of apps without any issues 
03) 16gb inbuilt memory almost 12gb usable and data transfer amazingly fast 
04) Display 720p with 326 ppi amazing to watch anything 
05) Sound quality awesome through speakers its pretty loud and clear, through earpiece for calls its clear and through headphones ( sony mdr 900xb, u can read my review abt the headphones in flipkart) is absolutely mind blowing 
i used this headphones with ma Meizu mini player with is far better than ipod and this phone matches this meizu player almost 95%. So no need to use Meizu anymore 
06) Can play 1080p videos just like that 
07) OTG supported but didnt try it yet. 
08) Capable of playing all the android games available in the market 
09) Dual sim works like a char, no issues 
10) Comes with android 4.3 stock rom, update to 4.4 not available yet(till now). 
11) And the main part is battery, received the phone around 6 pm and charged it fully and it worked from 8pm to next day 2pm , almost 18 hours and that too while installing a hell lot of apps and games and different launchers like apex and next. Also was running Next launcher with 3D mode on. So thats a monster of battery backup for a 2070 battery. 
12) Gorilla Screen 3 - no comments ;) 
13) Slow-mo recording is awesome 
14) Wifi, 2g,3g,bluetooth, gps all works properly 
15) Music player and equalizer 
16) No need of screen guard, just buy a flip cover to protect the edges. 
17) Very very sexy phone, you will just fall in love with it. 
 
              CONS :: 
 
01) Quality of pictures and video very poor. Can say that its below average as per today's   standard. Flash also a waste of time. 
02) Earphones are below standard, should say that its from the previous gen. 
03) Simply can't find any other issues :P 
 
ABOUT CHARGING :: 
Charging time- almost 2 hours from 16% to 100% 
 
RATING :: 
I will give 4.8 / 5 for this phone among the phones within 15k range, actually within 13-20k 
I will give 3.5 / 5 for Moto G among all the phones available in the market 
So am giving an average of 4/5 
 
            FINAL VERDICT :: 
 
If u have only 14k and need a super smart phone with lot of gud features, go for Moto G. 
 
The above review is after using this phone for exactly 36 hours. Its purely upon my opinion. It can vary from person to person. And i dont have any idea about after sales service bcz never called them. Hopefully the service will be good. 
 
For any queries, please contact me at jayaramaiyer@gmail.com.Flipkart Sucks as per there Policy and Executive Answer.One of the worst eCommerce website customer handling and behavior from there executive, you people have changed alot than your past days, really sucks, you are not aware of your own policies, i am going to file a case under consumer court by taking legal advice. 
 
Purchased two Moto G from flipkart, one of them not at all working properly in any mean, having battery drainage problem, network signal issue, calls are getting disconnected, handset getting rebooted automatically, numbers are getting dialed automatically some times, i am struggling hard with pathetic product. there executive consider this is a valid product not willing provide me a refund as i don't want this garbage product at all.do not buy.The first phone that i got was with black lines on screen and it arrived 3 days later than the promised date and every morning they messaged me that the product is ready for delivery by 1900 . the replacement to this phone was working fine for 6 hours before it stated restarting automatically again an again. and their response for the replacement is very slow. please do not buy this phone from flipkart as i believe that these guys are recirculating the defective pieces in order to meet the demand. till nw waiing for my money back for this garbge that they sent meOne Word - Its pure Awesome!.I was one of the first few people who ordered the Moto G. Ordered it at midnight 7 minutes after launch and also opted for the 1day guarantee. Flipkart really stood true to their word. My phone was delivered by noon on 7th Feb! So brownie points to Flipkart for their quick and awesome service. 
The phone itself is a lot better than I expected it to be. The black shell looks simply stunning. I also took advantage of the launch day offer and ordered a turquoise shell at 70% off! 
I have to tell you I was rather skeptic about the delivery as I had never ordered anything from Flipkart before and never bought anything costing over a 1000 bucks online. But Flipkart has earned my trust with their prompt service. 
So upon opening the package and unboxing, the first thing that'll hit you is the gleaming beauty of the screen. Also the build and the finish quality of the body is simply superb. Top notch work from Motorola. Quickly power it on and you'll notice its bright and clear HD display. That's the first thing you'll observe and the thing you'll love the most about this phone. The in-box accessories include a pair of headphones and a standard 0.5A wall charger (with attached cable as opposed to USB chargers we see these days). A USB data cable is NOT included in the box but you'll hardly need it. Also inside the box are a couple of manuals and a warranty book sorta thing. 
So far in my 3 days of usage, I have not even had slight glimpse of lag. So far i have installed around 15 apps. The device comes with Android 4.3 JellyBean out of the box and runs butter smooth. The update to KitKat is not yet available but once that's rolled out the performance will be further enhanced. The Motorola Migrate app came in very handy. With just a couple of taps, all the contacts, texts, call logs and all the media on the sd card of my old phone were quickly transferred on to the Moto G. The 16 GB device has around 12GB (12.32 GB to be precise) of user available memory out of the box. 
For all the entertainment purposes, the quad core processor coupled with the 1GB of RAM (882 MB actually) and the excellent display, gives a very satisfying experience. The speaker also gives out a rather loud output. It may not match neck to neck against the top tier phones available right now, but considering the price point, it isn't supposed to be compared with them. While the smaller games such as subway surfers run perfectly with no issues, I was amazed to note that a much more demanding game such as Riptide GP2 also runs with full graphic settings by default. Viewing angles are also great thanks to the IPS panel. I could not observe any change in colour even when looking at the screen from very wide angles. The music playback through the headphones is loud and clear but it left me wanting a little more. 
The camera as it was observed in several other reviews, is rather slow and I could not capture anything worthwhile in the first few clicks. The lens take more than usual time to focus on any subject and the whole camera feels very slow. But this quickly changed when i changed the tap to focus setting. The cam app gives you an on screen bracket that can be dragged around to control focus and exposure. Once you get a hang of this, the pictures you can capture improve drastically. This is by no means a great camera. The focus rate is still rather slow and low light pics tend to be a bit grainy but neither can it be written off as a very bad camera. Again considering the price and the remaining specs, the camera isn't as bad as it could've been. You won't really be cursing it once you get a hang of how it works. (Y) 
The front cam is good enough for video calling and selfies in good light. 
So far I have not noticed any signal drops and all the radios on the device seem to be doing their job just the way they are supposed to. 
I cannot comment on the battery life just yet but so far it has been holding up pretty well. I went on a clicking spree with the camera and kept it running for around 5 hours non-stop, clicking around 300 pics and a couple of videos, not to mention data usage and whatsapp at the same time. At the end of that the phone still had around 30% of charge left, so under average use, I'm sure it'll easily last over a whole day! 
All in all, the Moto G is a complete package that is offered, as Moto says, at an exception price. It is an incredible bargain and a joy to use. What Moto G really offers is a premium feel at a fraction of the price. 
So anyone who's thinking of picking this up, think no further my friend. Moto G is the answer to all your electronic needs ;) 
Thanks a ton Motorola - This phone was totally worth the wait (: 
And Flipkart - thanks again for the lightning fast delivery. I wouldn't have been able to wait any longer :DWorst Support.Bought this Moto G phone and there is a damage on the display. Went to the service center but there is not agreement between motorolla and service providers regarding the out of warranty Moto G support. 
 
Product has bee sold out before a month ago and till now they didnt finalize the service rules for warranty and no warranty. 
 
Very worst support form Motorola.waiting patiently.i booked moto g 16 GB variant on Feb 8 evening, and i read some reviews of other users who booked on 8 and 9 th and received the phone today, i req flipkart to update the status of the product for the guys who booked on feb 8, but still waiting for 20 days is a long time :(Higly Overrated and unnecesary hype..Have used the phone for 2 days now. Everything is better than other phones in this price range except that, after the phone got discharged completely, when I try to charge it there is no response whatsoever. I have tried all types of charging options but with no luck. Tried calling motorola service centre they redirected me to flipkart. FK assured me for a call back within 24-48 hours. I dont understand why they say &quot;we will get back to you in 24 or 48 hours&quot; It is either 24 or 48. 
Have googled for this problem and seen a lot of people complaining the same. That gives me an impression that Moto has not done proper testing. Sorry to say this although I am a big fan of moto. 
Will update the review later, presently am disappointed so rating low. As I have my new phone with me but I cannot use it, can just stare at it.Where is 16 GB.I thing 16 GB was never there for sale it was all a HOAX created by FLIPKART....Went out of stock in no time...and now forget out of stock its not even listed anymore..it was all a gimmick played by Moto and FlipK just to clear the Dead stock of 8 GB which nobody wants.... 
BAD BAD BAD ....Shame on you 
I wish there was a negative rating i could give....Battery PROBLEM.Motorola isn't listening and this problem has been around for a while. After disconnecting usb or changing setting on / off on storage MTP, the battery immediately drops to 1%. 
This is happening in US,UK and India too. I got my phone 2 days back and tested and yes it does happen. The battery reading goes wrong once you enable / disable MTP, I'm using my phone on 1% battery level for 4-5 hours. Its still asking to plug charger coz battery is low but keeps working since battery is there, just indication is wrong. 
I'll just wait for battery to drop for real so it shuts down and then charge to 100% and maybe then it will start showing correct battery levels. [Update: The problem is due to some network problem. The calls which everyone knows fluctuate on the phone, the fluctuation is there and the voice quality also goes down coz of it. On my other phone - Micromax Canvas, there is no fluctuation. Please rate this review as helpful and don't buy the phone blindly till Micromax does something about it. You will regret buying when you have to charge the phone every 4-5 hours.] 
 
Everyone is busy telling how good the phone is (though it is), battery problem is there in many devices, read back reviews and some might mention it. Everyone is still ordering tons of this phone. 
 
-KitKat update already done and problem still there. 
No more stars till the issue is fixed. 
Oh and if you're wondering about the &quot;Ok google&quot; not working then set the language to English-US, not UK or India and then it will work. 
 
UPDATE: The battery is still not fixed. Enable / Disable MTP on any Moto G and the battery will drop to 1%. It shows 1% but it works for hours so just the display goes wrong.Moto G - Poor company do not Buy.Please never buy any Motorola product as the company has fully shutdown in India and is not functional. The only thing they do is sell this Phone to foolish customer. I bought a Motorola Phone Atrix 2 from Flipkart in November 2012, and suddenly one day the product developed a problem with the Screen, repeated hanging and network disconnections (in April 2013). I did not get proper support. 
 
My phone was kept in a third class Service Center that was authorized by Motorola for over 2 months. On calling Motorola and requesting for speeding up the process or at least provide me a spare handset, they refused outright. I tried with the Motorola India call center initially but I did not get any response. One of the call center executives on repeated requests gave me a Motorola Center Head's Phone Number (Based in Gurgaon), but after telling him the problem he did not even bother to pickup my call later. 
 
I called various branches of Motorola but did not recieve any kind of help. I even called Motorola International (US Branch) who told me that I need to contact Motorola India. However, when I called various Motorola centers in various parts of India (including Delhi, Chennai, Delhi) I learnt all their branches had been closed and whoever were remaining were tired of the company's strategy. Finally after 60 days I received my phone. However, the phone even when repaired was defective (switching off whenever it wants or going irresponsive whenever needed). I did not bother to get it repaired as I felt it wouldn't be of any use as THe company was anyway going to take 2-3 months. 
 
Even today the phone is not working properly and is completely defective. I was really surprised that Motorola has come back with another product to India, and do not be fooled into buying it. 
 
At that time when my phone was being serviced, since I was not getting proper responses, I felt like filing a Consumer Case suit with the local Consumer Courts in Bangalore. The Only reason why I did not File a Consumer Court Suit was because I felt that Motorola were not going to come to attend the case. 
 
Now I do not understand the Audacity of Motorola to come back to India and launch a product when they have so much of negative reviews especially. I would be happy if Motorola replaces my defective Phone, but I know that they would be saying that the product is out of warranty coverage to replace. I do understand this, but at the time of seeking help with the defective phone Motorola were not even present in India.Disappointment.Dear all, 
  Moto g an outstanding product. But facing disappointment by the product. 
I replaced one moto g. Faced problem with its earpiece speaker. voice was getting shattered from speaker. 
  For that product Flipkart sent an apology saying they have sent defective product by mistake. 
 
   But now again with other replaced product I am facing the same problem. And this time voice shaterring is so much worsened i cannot understand what opposite person saying. So i had to restrict my use to msging and whats app. 
   
  Its a service review not a product. 
 
                 From a disappointed customer.Motorola is Lenovo now.Motorola had pulled out from selling devices in India in 2013 under Google. This year it returns with Flipkart. (I am assuming the service requests will go to Fkart). So one should be aware that servicing the phone will go via FKart, and the other thing that Motorola is now sold to Lenovo, which should be an additional consideration. 
Coming to the phone 
Cons 
1. Definitely not a Phablet - It feels small 4.5&quot; only 
2. Not very fluid/responsive, similar to other mid-end phones 
3. Chipset is Qualcomm Snapdragon 400- Quad Core A7 - Similar to Mediatek's 6589, whose starting price for same specs is ~8k. So build quality makes is what makes up for remaining 5k price 
4. Battery is not user-replaceable. This is big deal for emerging market. And I foresee Fkart making tons-of money replacing batteries. 
5. Camera is useless 
 
Pros 
1. Cost is reasonable 
2. Build Quality is good. 
3. KitKat (however I am not hopeful that it will get next version after KitKat!) 
 
So-So 
1. Not a dual-sim fan 
2. 3G is decent 
3. Battery is decent 
4. 720p video is all you really need, as 1080p hogs space. 
 
I am giving 4 stars, as there's nothing else in the Android space which comes close to it in this price range.Workarounds for Moto G !.Usb drivers For our Moto G can be downloaded from Motorola support. 
 
1) how to access storage? 
=&gt; connect through any microusb data cable (galaxy fit data cable worked 
 
for me), if its not detected automatically, goto settings&gt;storage&gt;click on 
 
upper right corner and tick MTP. 
 
2) how to add songs? 
=&gt; just connect ur device to pc and place ur mp3 files in &quot;music&quot; folder 
 
only..custom folder name will not work. you can access this songs through 
 
play music app. 
 
3)how to add custom ringtone? 
=&gt; if you have custom ringtones in ur previous smartphone then just use 
 
motorola migrate, it will do it automatically OR just place ur custom 
 
ringtones in folder (media&gt;audio&gt;ringtones). u can place notifications tones 
 
also, just create notifications folder in audio and paste in it. U can now set 
 
any tone as ur ringtone through sound menu. 
 
4) Kitkat update through usb cable? 
=&gt; Yes u can ! if you don't have a Wifi connection or laptop (to use ad-hock 
 
network), then u can update with &quot;Motorola Device Manager&quot;. Get it from 
 
motorola site and install on pc. Plug your device and it will update ur device 
 
through internet. 
 
5) how to redeem Google Drive offer. 
=&gt;open google drive app and goto menu&gt;take tour, at last you can redeem it 
 
with signing in. 
 
6) LED notification not working 
=&gt;This happens if u have restored data from ur previous phone which did not 
 
have LED. Motorola released a widget called Notification Light Widget. 
 
Stick it on your home screen, use it to enable the LED, and then you can get 
 
rid of it. 
 
7) Poor audio quality of headphones 
=&gt; Guys u r using a cheap headphone that was provided within package..Go 
 
for a standard decent headphone. The problem is not with Moto G its due to 
 
cheap headphones. You also have equaliser to tweak, Go to Settings &gt; Sound 
 
&gt; Audio Effects and customise as per ur need. 
 
8) Moto G won't charge or battery drops suddenly 
=&gt; If you let your Moto G hit zero and it won&rsquo;t come back to life, try letting 
 
it cool down for a while, then plug in a charger and leave it for 20 minutes or 
 
so before holding down the power key for 20 seconds. If not worked U r 
 
probably dealing with a defective piece, get a replacement. 
 
9) Long time to charge a battery 
=&gt; 3 hrs is a standard time for Moto G to charge fully. It will decrease as 
 
battery life decreases. If you want to charge faster then u can buy custom 
 
charger rated between 500mA and 1.5A &ndash; the higher the rating, the faster it 
 
will charge. 
 
10) APN settings/2G,3G not working 
=&gt; Motorola G is unable to detect APN settings itself. So u have to manually 
 
set APNs. For that goto settings&gt;dual sim settings&gt;Ur sim name&gt;APNs&gt; 
 
now add new and edit settings (search on google for APN settings), now 
 
SAVE it and tick blue dot. Restart and ur done ! 
 
11) Developer menu (caution !) 
=&gt; u can activate developer menu by tapping 4-5 times on settings&gt;about 
 
phone&gt;&quot;Build number&quot; This is for developers only as name suggest. If u 
 
don't know anything about it, then u should leave it as it is. 
 
12) Camera not opening/camera error 
=&gt; well at this time you can't do anything except restarting your moto g,and it will work. It's a bug and it will be fixed soon. 
 
Moto G is beautiful smartphone..Loved it so much.Moto G 16GB XT-1033, Product Details &amp; Initial Impressions..Hey Flipkarters! 
 
I received my Moto G on the 8th Feb 2014 afternoon (Instead of the expected delivery date of 17th Feb as per the mail received) - Kudos to the Flipkart team on achieving this feat. 
 
Box Contents: I will write about the contents at first; due to the fact that many of you guys are impatiently waiting for someone to give you some useful info about the product. 
 
Be Warned: Impatient readers may get frustrated about my over-detailing stuff, but I'm gonna risk it anyways. 
 
The Package contained a relatively small retail box. On opening the Non-sealed box i found the Handset with a screen protector with the Moto logo etched on it. 
- Further i found a white Micro-USB wall charger and a white non in-ear Headphone with built in mic and a call pick&amp;drop button. 
- Along with that we also get the standard set of quick start guides. 
Guys don't panic at the missing seal. As far as my sources, they confirmed receipt of the retail package sans-the-seal all around the globe. 
There is no data sync cable included in the box which is kind of a let-down but who cares? We all have 2-3 of them lying around unused in some corner anyways. 
The Headphones are just there i guess due to the manufacturer's belief that the Indian market would be furious without it so do not expect anything fancy and use your current one instead. 
 
First Impressions: 
Another warning: I'm not comparing this phone to any other phone in the world. So if any of you are expecting a comparison I suggest you look elsewhere. 
- After admiring the above average build quality, I decided leaving the phone to charge up-to 100% while at work. I switched it on and immediately struck a wow factor viz., A stunning display. 
- Mind you, the Power Lock button and the Volume rockers may seem wobbly and over-protruding at first but give an excellent click and are easier to access. 
- The back cover feels like a super smooth rubberized-finish which is highly flexible and removing it seems to be a bit tricky. Just as I wrote the above sentence I received the Vivid Red Flip Shell which is of premium quality. 
- The Processor is quite fast and has handled multitasks without any visible hiccups. The User available RAM on my phone is around 900 MB out of which 250+ of it is free every-time i check under normal use. 
- The Speaker on this phone is LOUD when kept on full volume but is marginally low if you just minus it by just one click (This is weird). 
- The call quality on this phone is quite good and not as bad as the Global edition GeekyRanjit was reviewing. The Speaker was loud enough and the person at the other end said my voice was very audible. 
- The Music experience with stock headphones is bland and therefore again recommend using other headphones. Interestingly i found that Moto has in-built Audio Effects service which keeps running on the background. Good to know that Moto is not just manufacturing and dumping phones on the users rather; they're working on the software too. 
- The Camera is of average quality but at the same time is a bit slow at saving the image. To properly capture an image without blur, you need to have steady hands. The LED flash is Ridonkulously bright and has the capacity to temporarily render the subject blind for a few seconds! The secondary camera is good enough for Skype video calls. 
- The Battery for the first time lasted me for a good 15 hours out of which 9+ hours have been continuous usage with music, radio, app installs and general usage with WiFi connection and still had around 9% juice left when i finally decided to connect it to the wall charger. 
Please note: I haven't used data connection on either 2G or 3G network simply because i have access to WiFi both at work as well as home, therefore rendering data connection useless &amp; an expense for the sake of expense. 
The lack of user replaceable battery does not bug me much. 
 
I Cannot put more info on this page since i have so much to explore and have run out of the 5000 character mark, therefore will come into an initial conclusion on this device (People who have been patiently reading me will breath a huge sigh of relief :D ) 
 
I Rate this Device somewhere between 4.5-4.75 out of 5 considering the price point of this entry level Moto phone. Since neither of the above values can be entered i have given it a 5 Star rating. 
 
And as far as Flipkart Rating goes, for this particular purchase I would have rated them a 10 out of 5 ( If it were possible) Due to the fact that even after two of my user-changed orders (yes,of the Moto G!). They have delivered my order 9 days prior to the promised-postponed delivery date. Which i believe is quite impressive for any online shopping website! Thank you Flipkart, looking forward for more service from you guys! 
 
Thank you guys for patiently reading this. 
If you've found it useful you sure know what to do. Cheers!worst experience.I received my product and within a day 
I got problem in battery 
Once i switched off my phone my phone doesn't switched on. 
I post a complaint in flipkart now seee how they will tackaleNice experience.I haven't got it into my hands yet, but its a steal at this price. People are blaming flipkart and comparing with irctc. Guys grow up. They have clearly mentioned limited stock and if there is huge demand, why blame flipkart. Its first come first served as simple as that. Atleast their site didnt crash like, IRCTC. 
It is also nice very nice from the flipkart side to offer the flip cover at discount, even though I missed to order it along with the phone. They sent a mail that I didn't order flip cover along with the phone and could still get the 70% discount if ordered it separately. 
BTW my phone is already shipped to be delivered tomorrow as promised :) Overall very nice experience.14K??!!.best thing to do when you have 14 thousand rupees and need a decent mobile phone. It looks like a high end device. 
We all know what this phone have, 
Things it don't have: 
1) 345 Ghz processor 
2) 377 Gb ram (same as above) 
3) 400 megapixel camera 
4) 120 inch screen 
5) laser gun 
6) induction chulha 
7) built in tentFacing camera error.Hi all, Facing an unusaul problem whole using camera sometimes it shows camera error when i tried to open camera. Then if i want to use camera, i have to restart the phone. 
 
Others everything is good.Still waiting for the 16 Gb version of Moto G after 8 days of placing the order.I have ordered the 16 Gb version on 8th feb and still not get info about when it will be available for despatch. Dispite when I am calling to customer care reprsentative, they are saying they dont have any idea when it will be available from their side. After searching for a while, found a news from androidos.in that flipkart has received their new shipment of !6gb version on 13th feb but when i called the reprsentative they said they dont have any information about it. Ridiculous even they dont know when it will be available for dispatch. 
 
Still giving 5 stars only after knowing so many postive reviews from different sites. Hoping to receive my 16 Gb version as quickly as possible.Was worth the wait!.I had to buy a reasonably priced phone for my wife. Just when I thought of purchasing a local (unreliable) brand with good features, I heard about Moto G coming to India. They sure made me wait and finally launched the phone on 5th Feb. By this time I had done quite a bit of research about this phone and was eagerly waiting for it. Bought the phone at 00:06 hours on 6th Feb as I knew it will be soon out of stock..guess what, it went out of stock by morning 6th Feb! As usual, Flipkart kept its promise to deliver on time and I received the phone on 7th morning itself! 
 
About the phone: 
 
&quot;IT IS AMAZING&quot;. I would rate it the best under 30K. It is comparable to some of the high end phones we have in the market. If your budget is 25-30 K, go spend that additional 11K on a decent camera as that is the only thing not so good about Moto G. 
 
Things you will like: 
- Nexus like experience @ such less price 
- Very nice to hold 
- Seamless Android operation 
- I use an S4 and I was surprised how fast you can zoom into the maps! 
- 50 GB Cloud storage (quite nice!) 
- Transferring contacts, media, files, applications from your old android phone to the new one with such ease! 
- Good call quality 
- Sharp display (sharper than 5s) 
- Some real cool features: Moto ID that enables you to lock your phone, trace the location and delete contents remotely if your phone gets stolen; and Assist feature to ensure noone disturbs you when your sleeping and when you have an scheduled meeting (Smart!) 
 
Things you may not like: 
- Doesn't 'look' like a high end phone (but then its a 14K phone!) 
- Kitkat not available yet 
- Limited storage may be a problem for some. For wifey 12+GBs is more than sufficient 
- Camera is quite disappointing. You really wouldn't want to use it much unless you are left with no other option. 
 
I can't say much about battery backup as it has been less than a day since I received it. 
 
Overall, I can't think of a better phone within 25-30K with such good hardware and seamless software performance. I agree some people weigh camera performance high, but for me I didn't expect a 14K phone to have a great camera either. 
 
Thanks Google for leaving this legacy before you let go off motorola! Thanks Motorola, seems I'll continue to appreciate your designs and technology even after you become part of Lenovo family. Flipkart and WS Retail, you will always make me come back to your portal for amazing deals and speedy deliveries!!!Unbelievable!.Can't forgive you Flipkart! You've shown your &quot;so called&quot; Indianness. Motorola shouldn't have trusted your brand value. :(dispointed.Distributed in Asian countries will have the following: 
a) standard moto G with black colour moto shell 
b) motorola earphones 
c) moto G screen protector 
d) motorola charger 
e) extra random colour moto shell. 
 
bt FK not give screen protector &amp; extra shell. Up above comments is officially said on page of motorola on facebook...Sublime.With all the hype and limelight on this new entry into low price smart phone Indian mobile segment, i decided to give this a try and ordered the piece rightway on flipkart. 
So here are my first impressions 
Flipkart delivery - Like 
16 GB non availability - Unlike 
Look and Feel - +1d * 100 
No dedicated buttons for back, switching to main menu etc - Unlike 
Performance - Big Like ( Still need to put through its paces though) 
Responsiveness - Big Like (Absolutely no lag) 
Screen - +1d*1000 (scratch proof gorilla corning glass, 720p display) 
Movie, video playback - Like 
Battery - Unlike (non - removable and the battery life with full usage like apps, camera is around 7 hours) 
Camera (Cannot really like or unlike, hence subdividing into categories) 
  Outdoor shots - Like ( i think camera does some sharpening, over saturation ) 
  Indoor Shots - Unlike (Lot of noise) 
  Slow Mo Video - +1d * 100 + Like 
  HDR - Like 
  OOTB camera app - Like 
  Anywhere tap and click - Like 
  Switching between Gallery and Camera - Like +1d * 10 
  Dedicated shutter release button absent - Unlike 
Google Drive + 50 GB redemption - Like 
Chrome browser - Like 
Android Jelly Bean - +1d 
Android update to Kitkat Guaranteed - +1d (but no updates yet. So take this with reservation) 
Mobile Heating - Like (with heavy app usage mobie did not heat up - Amazing) 
Mobile Size - +1d * 100 
Customizable back covers - Like 
Ease of removing the back cover - Unlike (a it difficult) 
In the box accessories - Unlike (The charger looks cheap, no usb charger) 
No extendable memory - Unlike, Unlike and Unlike 
I recommend this to anyone who is looking out for a smart phone between 10-15K - Retweet*55K times 
Value for Money - Retweet*1000K times 
 
Moto G - you rockExceptional Phone!.Been using this phone almost for a week 
Received my Order on Feb18 
Packaging-Brilliant packaging by flipkart and yes the box is small but as there is a saying &quot;Good things come in small packages&quot; 
Received ota as soon as connected to wifi 
After i restored my apps+data 
Everything was working fine 
Gaming performance:- 
Every game that i have played is at max setting and there was no lag at all:- 
Asphalt 8 
Modern Combat 4 
Fifa 14 
Subway Surfers 
GT Racing 2 
Temple Run 2 
Horn 
Angry Birds Go! 
and many more 
Sound Output:- 
Brilliant 
Display:- 
Crisp and awesome 
One more thing ,a smartphone reviewer sumberged this phone in water and it worked just fine(youtube &quot;Moto G Goes in Water Will it Survive&quot;.Thanks to nanocoating 
Camera:- 
Not so good but pretty good quality,slow motion is also very good 
Front camera quality is also good 
Build :- 
Very comfortable .Fits in hand just right! 
Battery:- 
Really lasts all day with heavy usage 
Browsing:- 
Smooth 
Storage:- 
Got 12.92 GB availableNeighbour's Envy and Owner's Pride - Perfect Masterpiece Hello MOTO ...Pros: 
+Great build quality 
+Gorilla Glass 
+Screen quality + Good touch screen response 
+OTG connectivity 
+Loud Speaker volume 
+wifi connectivity is great 
+ Good Dual Sim functionality 
+Great Processor - Great Performance 
+Latest Kitkat Android version 
+Good Battery Life 
 
Cons: 
-Camera: Daylight pics are good but moving object pics comes blurry + Low Light Pics are not upto the mark. 
 
I was using sony xperia J till date and was searching all flagship android single or dual sim cell phones. I was keen on Grand 2, Nexus 5 but felt moto g was far better in case of battery life and performance. 
 
Wat else is required when you get a kitkat update, quadcore processor for this price. 
 
Tips: 
1) Charge the Mobile 24 hrs after unboxing it first time. 
 
2)Before you go for the kitkat update make sure that all ur mobile features work perfectly incase of any problems u can ask for replacement. 
 
3) to get screen shot press low volume key along with power key 
 
4) For Kitkat version OTG will work but you have to buy Rs. 212 app - Nexus Media Importer 
 
Apps gets loaded very fast, net surfing, Youtube videos, games plays excellently well, touch screen response is great, call quality is decent, battery life is good. It has good support for email and office applications. More I use it more I become addicted to it. 
 
Its one of few mobiles in market where company has engineered right features product at right value. All credit goes to Google. Go for it Value for money. Totally worth it. 
 
I gave it 5 star as till date as no budget smart phone is smartly engineered as this one. 
Am sure this will be moto s comeback..All of my friends sold their sony and samsung and have booked for this masterpiece. 
 So guys close your eyes and go for it..Excellent phone.Hello, 
 
The phone is excellent in all respects. I've used it for the past 2 weeks and I can't find a single thing I'd like to change about it. Kitkat update came a couple of days back, and the battery is even better since then. 
 
Build: Neat, simple. Back cover fits very snugly and has no wiggle room. Only physical buttons are power and volume rocker, both feel just right to use. 
 
Screen: Excellent. I watched Top Gear on it, works great. 
 
Processor: Loads up 3 hour HD movies without a stutter. I've had atleast 10 apps running with no problem switching between any of them. 
 
Battery: Currently I am on 18% battery and I havent charged for 1 day and 11 hours. My usage in that period has been: Wifi for 10 hours, calls - 1 hour, data - about 1 hour. I'm sure you can make it through the day comfortably with heavier usage. 
 
Android: I like the so-called Vanilla flavour. Works fast and is damn smooth on this phone. 
 
Price: Can't be beaten. 
 
Have a nice day!RIP Galaxy core, Canvas HD, XOLO Q1000s, Gamers should buy 16GB version..This is a real game changer that a brand can actually sell a IPS HD phone at 12.5k, sounds like a joke to Samsung fans as their blind eye doesn't favor other things. This masterpiece puts Galaxy core, Xperia M to shame at once. I have always been a fan of Motorola since the times of Motorola L series phones:L6, L7. 
Believe me people, this is a steal at 12.5 K and getting a cash back becomes a cherry on the top. 
I urge all the low rating reviewers to change if they have issues with Flipkart as this phone deserves no less than 5 stars. 
No Expandable memory! But does it stop people from buying I phones and I pods? 
 
Quality: &quot;Excellence doesn't demand a high price. &quot; Enough to describe it in terms of quality. 
-&gt;The 4.5 inch 720p offers 329 pixel per inch clarity that is slightly over the I phones display clarity. 
-&gt;Snapdragon 400 Chipset along with cortex-A7 quad-core processor is something seen in grand 2 (22,900/-). It scores 16,200 in antutu while 6140 in quadrant. 
-&gt;Build quality is superb, a lot better than samsung phones. 
-&gt;720p recording with HDR on, camera does a good job as well. 
-&gt;E-compass something that Micromax and XOLO phones don't have, it helps in better GPS experience especially when you drive. 
-&gt;It offers update to Android 4.4 (In UK Moto g has received it) and galaxy core runs android 4.1.2 and xperia m is on android 4.2.2. 
-&gt;Dual-SIM is really a benefit. 
 
Those who say don't compare it with samsung or LG or anything as they are their own kind:- &quot;A Smartphone is a Smartphone and other android phones don't offer any out of the world experiences. Everything comes at a price and the comparison of it with others even if it hurts is legit. &quot; 
 
When you judge this phone as compared to others just keep in mind the 12,500 price tag. It's your choice at the end. And if you are a gamer, please get some more bucks as you will need additional storage in case you want to hold high-end games in your device as 16-GB version is a must in that case. 
Good luck! 
 
Hello Moto!in the end...Ordered my phone on 6th Feb. got it on 7th via Next day delivery. 
5/5 for the rest of the features at this price point. 
 
Overall am disappointed with Flipkart ..why? 
 
1. The outer box it came in was torn from one of the sides; outer box was crushed and the original phone's box was intact but a crush mark was visible on the bottom of the box. I asked the delivery boy about its condition as to why..to which the delivery boy said &quot;sir aggar koi problem hogi toh replace ho jayega&quot;. I asked him again *puzzled* to which he replied &quot;sir pechay se he aise aya hai..hum toh bus deliver karte hai&quot;. 
Nothing to say here.. :/ 
 
2. notification LED at the time of charging, missed calls doesn't work. 
 
3. when I open/close the camera app. there is a mechanical click sound which comes out near the camera. Its louder at the time of closing the app. 
 
4. If the Phone is switched off and I put it on charging then it automatically switches itself on. Also, if while in charging I switch off the phone it acts as if it was restarted. 
 
All I can guess is something went wrong at the time of shipment. 
Waiting for it to return in stock so that I can put it up for replacement :( 
 
Update: Since then I've been waiting for it to come back in stock after all the false information being provided to customer(s) and now waiting for a refund to order a Moto G again. 
@FK If I won't get my order delivered this time with a proper packaging and a &quot;non-defective&quot; item unlike my prev. order then I will never ever purchase anything from Flipkart again.Gets the job done..Firstly I would like to mention that great work by Flipkart in delivering the product to Delhi in less than 36 hours. 
 
Phone: 
1. When you open the box there is no seal, I knew that by watching the unboxing on YouTube before hand. 
2. when you hold the phone it doesn't seem to be a Phone of mid range - it gives you a super premium feel which is brilliant looking at the price point of the phone. 
3. I opted for the red cover and the phone looks brilliant in red. iPhone 5c you should learn this is colorful and giving customers feel of playing with customization. 
4. Its very close to android of Nexus which appeals to many people including me 
5. Looking at the specs obv its not the top end but it actually gets the job done. There is no lag whatsoever and the screen is brilliant. 
6. I have not checked out the battery yet but what I have heard it lasts a day which is surprising for me as I charge my phone atleast twice a day (iPhone 5) 
 
Plus i would like to mention 2 things - the stock of the phone is/was not entirely in hands of flipkart and they have done their best to give the best service. I am a very regular customer and never faced an issue. Secondly I bought this phone as my secondary phone so I opted for 8 GB but saying that I doubt any phone in this price range and functionality comes close to Moto G. #PleasentlySurprised.MUST READ!!!.This is not a negative review. 
I ordered the phone on 6th feb paying an extra 90rs for an in-a-day guarantee and i got the phone on 7th. So thats impressive. I will state pros and cons now: 
Pros: 
1. amazing build quality 
2. superb grip 
3. touchscreen impressive 
4. slowmotion video recording feature is impressive 
Cons: 
1. worst ever handsfree 
2. worst ever charger (no usb2.0 to usb3.0 cable). only a simple two-pin plug to a usb3.0 connecter. NO DATA CABLE! 
3. only about 5Gb of space is available on a just-unboxed moto g 8Gb 
4. camera quality is really really bad in medium to low light photography. 
 
i have the handsfree and data cable from my old phone, i do not think i would require more than 5gb storage space on my phone (if i do, i would buy another device). and i seldom use the phone camera. hence the cons do not matter to me. A GREAT PHONE OVERALL. 
 
apart from these things, my order included the following: 
- 100% cashback (as store credit) to 100 Lucky customers. 
- Get Rs.500 off on purchase of ebooks worth more than 501/- on flipkart. 
- Get Rs. 1000 off on purchase of clothing worth more than 1001/- on flipkart. 
 
considering that the 100% store credit cash back is available to only the 100 lucky customers, the rs500 off on ebooks and rs1000 off on clothing offers should have been given to me. i have not been given these by flipkart. these offers often help in climbing over the threshold to a critical decision of whether to buy or not as they did in my case. before explicitly branding flipkart as fraudsters or cheats, i would like wait before they manifest and rectify their mistake.hey buddy not enough memory left!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! chk this out before you buy 8GB.hi ppl 
its not often i write a review but i just got the phone yesterday and after all the up-gradation and everything i find that my free space is just 4GB. am running 4.4 kit kat and that was updated after i opened my phone on my wifi..........after installing apps Facebook, whats app updating youtube and everything else (mind you nothing else is installed) my free space is 4 gb...... if you can live with that...good go for it....nothing can get better than this.........otherwise 4GB.its not enough for me......GO FOR THE 16GB.........!!!!! 
in this age, it even sucks that they have an 8GB...(now i know) i fell for it so maybe i will live with it.....GRRRR where is my lappy????.......i could have waited...i would have waited...if someone would have just mentioned that in the review.... ..Misleading phone.Hi , I bought this phone and as normal mobile operator , i thought that so many good comments so no need to do any analysis. When I got phone , first thing I found that mobile phone does not operate on normal SIM . SIM should be small but I have samsung galaxy grand which works on all the SIM size whether it is normal or micro or nano , That flexibility is not provided by Motog. 
So after many struggle some how I managed to get micro sim. Now second issue i found with they accessories is that they do not provide usb connectivity cord. I have to buy it separatly. I mean today even nokia lowest phone provide cable to connect to laptop but I do not find any cable in Moto g to connect between laptop and moto g. I just started using phone so could not comment on phone working. Hope this will help and also I know that this comment may be delted as flipcart would not want negative publicity of Moto g.What more to say.Well there is nothing more to say about the moto being an excellent piece o gadget in the price range. The looks and performance are very promising. I got the phone with 40% of charge (which i charged it to 53%) and even after 10 hours o normal usage (tested te gprs, used wifi for not less than 1hr, bluetooth transfer, some phone calls, cpl o songs, videos and some txting) with both the sims on n guess wot .. i still had a 15% left :D 
 
I even tried strontium otg drive on the phone and it works fine without any glitches. The only disappointment cud be perhaps be only with the charger. They could have provided a more rapid charger. The stock charger takes around 3 hours for a full charge .. 
 
N cheers to flipkart for the lightning fast delivery. I orderd at the time of midnight launch n i got the product delivered the very next day at exactly 1130 am.. CHEERS to that !! :)shame ..heartbreaker.Out of stock... thats bs...not expected from flipkart...its like fooling people...did you get few complimentary handsets...what about big tieup ..exclusive...shouldn't use words u cant keep...shameExtend The Launch day offer.OK, I understand that today 16gb version can not be ordered any more, but then please extend the launch day offer, or at least the offer on the flip cases. It would be highly generous of youI ordered for 16GB and i received 8 GB!.Reason flipkart is giving is , 16GB is out of stock! How come you can send 8GB even after product is confirmed! Now they will refund and they cant provide me 16GB itseems! 
Rating is not for product , its for flipkart!My review on this phone.Delivery : I'd booked this phone on the 8th of February when Flipkart had started the reservations for this phone and i got it on 19th of February , faster than i expected!! 
 
Looks : The phone looks elegant and unique , it has a classy look and the display is just the right size, anything bigger than this would just be too big and that's something I personally don't like! 
 
Memory : I ordered the 16 gb version and i got 12 GB of free space after the pre-installed apps and a 1 gb ram which works swiftly without lagging 
 
You don't have to worry about your data that you have on your old phone , it can be easily transferred using Moto Migrate , it moves your media , messages and even call logs to your new phone , unfortunately it doesn't move contacts , so make sure you copy your contacts to your sim or take a back up online before getting a micro-sim for your phone! 
Oops ! one more point you need to cut your Normal sim to a micro sim in order to put it in this phone and that is something that i didn't know when i bought it , but thats not an issue because you can get it done at any of the mobile stores , service centers or sim card shops. 
 
You get 15 gb memory on Google Drive , i don't know much about the 50 GB storage that Motorola has promised to its users because i haven't got it so far. 
 
Camera : The camera quality is average , not too great , if your looking for a phone with a good camera then you'd rather want to go for Nokia Lumia , but they don't have a huge app store so you'll have to compromise somewhere. 
 
Call Quality : The call quality is good enough and i have no complaints with it. 
 
Display:The display is much better than a Nexus or an iPhone , 329 pp for a 4.5 inch screen is definitely sharp and this is the strongest point in this phone. 
 
Battery Life : I have only used the phone for 2 days so far and it has always been in my hand since the last 48 hours ( except when i was asleep ) and the battery lasted for 20 hours leaving me with approx 20% battery when i put it to charge again. 
 
Games : I have downloaded temple run , subway surfer and a few other games so far and they work like a charm , absolutely no lag. 
 
Music / Video : The earphones provided are not that great , i'm sure you would want to use better earphones with this beautiful phone! 
 
Overall it's a great buy at 14k and honestly much better than buying a nexus 4 or iPhone 4s @ this price. 
 
Go for it ... buy this one! 
Four stars for this one , would've given it 5 had its camera &amp; earphones been better , also , i just hope this phone works without any issues and if there are any issues Motorola &amp; Flip kart co-operate in getting the issue sorted ASAP.Value for Money.I bought the 16GB Moto G on the day of launch, and it was delivered within 2 days. Amazing shipping service by Flipkart. Kudos. 
 
Since I bought this phone I have been trying to ride the RAM to check its limits, just as I have done with the battery. I was amazed that with super heavy usage (screen always on to do something or the other), it managed to stay charged for about a day. With medium usage, the batter lasts about a day and a half. 
 
The optimisation of the RAM usage is comparable to the Nexus in that it is super fast, even with 5 different applications running simultaneously. No lag whatsoever. 
 
The 5 megapixel camera gives good quality pictures in daylight and moderately good photos under low light conditions. However, the camera speed (seconds to click and save a pic) is not good, and it takes one 3 to 4 seconds to click two pics simultaneously. The shutter speed also leaves something to be desired. While still objects can be clicked with precision, movement is not captured well at all. 
 
The screen resolution and brightness is amazing, and the sound quality is also amazing. The earphones may be a little uncomfortable in the ear. 
 
The body of the phone is sturdier than the other phones in this segment, and the gorilla glass screen also helps with the same. 
 
When I was looking for a phone, I wanted one that would last me 2 years, and my biggest issue was that with a 1GB RAM, it might not last 2 years. But the superior optmisation of the Moto G combined with the other features and the low cost made this the phone for me.Not much left to say!.Hi everyone, 
 
Most of the other reviews here on Flipkart and others all over the internet have already reviewed this product in great detail. By now we know that this amazing product from Google-Motorola packs in some out-of-the-mid-range-world specs and is snappy and stutter free. It's another most stunning feature is it's crisp and breathtaking display. In this review, I would like to focus on some not-so-talked about features of this phone. By the way, I am using an Indian unit provided by Flipkart on Feb 21, 2014 (I had reserved mine on Feb 11, 2014). 
 
1. Amazing ergonomic design - The curved convex body, matte-rubber back cover and dimpled moto logo all integrate to provide a premium feel to the one holding the device. 
 
Camera slot is a bit disappointing in terms of design. I am finding myself touching the camera lens time and again due to it's placement in the center. 
 
2. Vanilla Android OS - Bloatware free operating system is a trademark of Google. This phone being launched by Google-Motorola (I know Moto has been acquired by Lenovo now) is no exception. A clean bloat-app free system makes way for a lag free android experience. For those worried about future updates, always keep in mind that although Moto is no longer a Google company, Moto g is, and will always be a Google-Moto product. I waited for a few hours before updating the phone to Kitkat and it's worth it. 
 
3. Long-ish power cord - While lack of a USB-microUSB cable is a clear disappointment in India, the power-microUSB cord feels sturdy and long. This is usually absent in other high profile smartphones. 
 
4. Loud and crisp loudspeaker - The speaker output is as stunning as the display. 
 
5. Battery life - Although the battery is not out of this world, and fails in terms of capacity (mAH) comparison with other beasts, the vanilla android OS makes way for less drain and hence better battery experience. 
 
6. Decent front-facing-camera - I wanted a device for skype chat with my family while I am in the UK, this device gives a clear video chat experience. 
 
Finally, keep it up Flipkart, you are doing an amazing job!Review after a week's usage!.This phone is simply awesome for its price, and its quality. 
 
LOOKS: It looks very good, and doesn't look like a budget phone. 
 
SCREEN: Screen is in one word - outstanding. Too sharp and very clear. Pixels not visible to naked eye - which translates to a clear and sharp picture quality. Blacks are deep. 
 
CALLS: Very good, no issues faced. 
 
CAMERA: Its good, but not upto the mark. Images are bit grainy when zoomed in even a little. But overall its ok for this price bracket. 
 
SOFTWARE: Android 4.3 in the box, immediately upgraded to 4.4.2. Performance is very good, no lags encountered. All apps and games run very smoothly. Also everyone envies the fact that this phone has Android 4.4.2 whereas their more expensive phones has 4.2 and lower etc. :D 
 
BATTERY: It is just superb. Got more than 2 days without recharging. (with medium use of WiFi and 3G). 
 
SPEED: It is really fast, and has absolutely no lags. 
 
MEMORY: Better to go for 16Gb model. Also supports USB OTG, so no problem. 
 
Once you get this in your hands you will be satisfied with this. 100% sure! I recommend the Moto G instead of going for all other phones between 14k to 28k. Feels and behaves like a mini Nexus. :) 
Above 29k - go for a Nexus 5. 
 
One word for Flipkart - you guys are just awesome. Got my Moto G after it came in stock. Too fast delivery. Keep up the good work. :)The ultimate budget beast.I've been using the 16 GB Moto G for around 15 days now and my review is based on the same. It's slightly lengthy but it'll help clear a lot of doubts regarding the phone. 
 
Before I detail the pros and cons, I'm writing a few tips to help people- 
 
Tips- 
 
1)In case you allow the phone's battery to completely drain and then the phone does not come on after charging, it does not mean your phone is faulty! 
It's a failsafe built in by Motorola. 
Solution- 
Leave the phone in a cool, dry place-like Oregano ;-)- for a few hours and then try to power on by holding the power button for 20+ seconds. 
Refer to xdadevelopers.com for more. 
 
2)To improve the camera, do consider apps like PicsArt, Instagram, Camera FX. 
Of course these add effects more than anything but the photos look better. 
 
3)To further extend the battery life, download an app called Greenify and greenify the apps you don't use regularly. No need for other battery saving software. 
 
4) To play every format of video and audio, download MX Player. 
 
Now coming to the pros. 
Pros- 
 
1) Build Quality- Brilliant. 
The matte rubberised back really helps grip and the phone feels premium at this price, not cheap and plasticky. 
You might find the volume rocker and power buttons to be a bit loose but that's perfectly normal. 
 
2)Screen- A 720p screen at this price is unheard of. 
Most of the new offerings in mwc 2014 viz. xperia m2, lg l90, lg f70 all have similar specs as the Moto g but with qHD screens i.e. 540x960 resolution. That means much lesser ppi. 
 
3)Speakers- The sound output is really brilliant especially with the bundled equaliser software. Best bass on any phone I've ever used. 
 
4)Speed- The phone is blazing fast thanks to a combination of stock android, a quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 and 1 GB Ram. 
You never feel as if the processor is old, even though it is. 
 
5)Battery Life- The battery life is brilliant. 
I easily manage to churn out at least 36 hours on moderate use and at least 14 hours on heavy use including gaming, browsing, facebook, whatsapp with screen on continuously. 
 
 Cons- 
 
1)Camera- It says 5 megapixel but it performs far worse than my galaxy s advance which also has a 5MP camera. 
Download some softwares mentioned in the tips to improve performance here. 
 
2)The volume and power buttons might appear loose. Refer to Tips on how to deal with it. 
 
3)Storage- Always go for the 16 GB model as the 8GB one gives you just 4 GB user available memory. 
 
4)Service Centres- There is a list of service centres available on in.motorola.com--&gt;Moto G--&gt;Customer Support--&gt;Service Centres. 
The ones given by Flipkart.com might be old in some cases and have wrong phone numbers. 
 
5) Accessories- I urge you to buy the Moto G Flip shell but only if you have the first day buyer offer. 
Rs 1600 is way too much for a flip cover otherwise but it adds brilliant protection to your phone. 
 
Now I'll compare the Moto G with some of the new phones released in Mobile World Congress 2014 yesterday that overcome the shortcomings of the moto G. There is no word on their pricing yet though although they are expected to be more expensive. 
 
Moto G vs Xperia M2 vs LG L90 
 
1) Processor- Same Snapdragon 400 in all cases 
Winner- Tie 
 
2) Display- Moto G has a 720 p display on a 4.5 inch screen. 
Xperia M2 has a qhd display on a 4.8 inch screen. 
Lg L90 has a 4.7 inch display on a qhd screen. 
 
Winner- Moto G for resolution. 
Xperia M2 for screen size( if you prefer bigger phones) 
 
3) Storage- Moto G= 8/16 GB non user expandable memory. 
Xperia M2- 8GB, upto 32 GB user expandable memory. 
Lg L90- 8 Gb, expandable memory upto 32 GB. 
 
Winner= LG L90/ Xperia M2 for giving expandable storage 
 
4) Camera- Moto G has a 5 MP back camera and a 1.3 MP front camera. 
Xperia M2- 8MP back camera with Sony Sensor, front camera(MP not known yet) 
LG L90- 5MP back camera, 1.3 MP front 
 
Winner- Xperia M2 
 
5) Build quality- Moto G has a rubberised matte back and great build quality. 
Xperia M2 has a design very similar to xperia Z2 so you get the flagship design for 2014. 
LG L90- Plasticky design with metal strip running around, similar to Samsung phones, but a little better. 
 
Winner- Xperia M2/Moto G (it's personal preference really) 
 
6) Battery- Moto g has a 2070 mAh non user removable battery. 
Xperia M2 has a 2440 mAh user removable battery. 
Lg L90 has a 2300 mAh battery. 
 
Winner- Xperia M2, especially with Sony's power saving software. 
 
Ultimate verdict- The Moto G is the best phone you can buy. 
It has a few flaws which have been overcome by the new phones but both the Xperia M2 and the LG L90 won't launch before April at least in the Indian market. 
They are expected to be priced higher but of course you get a better camera, better battery life, user removable battery and expandable storage. 
 
The choice is yours. 
Thanks for reading my review.Stop Whining!.Many of the folks who are whining here about the out of stock and saying they will never come back to this site, will all log in exactly at 12 noon to see if they can get another stock. 
 
Maybe, yes maybe its possible that both Motorola and Flipkart, didnt precedent the fact there would be such a huge demand. 1000 is a big number to have been sold in an hour. 
 
Dont u also think that your regular stores would have all gone online and placed large number of orders, so that they can sell it unofficially for a premium at their stores. Dont u also think its a possibility that employees might have got options to buy it too. 
 
So dont crib. If you didnt get it yest, try again at 12 noon today and if you still didnt get it, wait a few days before it comes to the stores! You survived these many days without the Moto-G right, you can easily live a few more days without it!REDEFINING WHAT A CHEAP SMARTPHONE CAN BE !.The Moto G Is One Of The Best Phones I.ve Used. On paper it&rsquo;s competitive with many devices ranging around 30000-40000 bucks, and performance is stunning &mdash; unheard of at this price range. From afar its clean design begs to be picked up, but it doesn&rsquo;t quite offer the same reassuring quality you&rsquo;ll get from more expensive devices. It&rsquo;s a device thats aspirational yet affordable &mdash; which makes the Moto G a winner. 
 
At 14000, it&rsquo;s pitted against a sorry band of phones impossible to recommend to all but your most mortal enemies. The experience offered by Motorola here is almost incomparable to the Ashas,Blackberrys and Micromax phones out there. Bring Windows Phone into the equation and it&rsquo;s admittedly a slightly different story, as Microsoft and Nokia have worked hard &mdash; far harder than Google &mdash; to make sure Windows Phone runs smoothly on low-end devices. 
 
There&rsquo;s something reassuring about Nokia&rsquo;s dense little Lumia 520, and if build quality is more important to you than performance and apps, Nokia&rsquo;s handset is worth a look. To me, though, the 520 just isn&rsquo;t in the same league. It&rsquo;s a little sad that, at this price range, users will have to choose between top-notch build quality and raw speed, with the combination of both saved for ultra-expensive smartphones like the iPhone 5S, HTC One, and Lumia 1020. 
 
The Moto G is a very solid phone. All of its issues, like a mediocre camera, and limited on-board storage, can and will be overlooked at this price. For years, Samsung, LG, HTC, and other Android manufacturers have generally been putting a 15000 Rs price tag on junk like the pitiful Galaxy Fame. Yes, compromises have been made to get the Moto G down to 14000, and I&rsquo;d like to see a manufacturer put a half-decent camera on a cheap phone. But this phone truly redefines what a low-end smartphone can be, and is the best attempt yet to turn &ldquo;the next billion&rdquo; into smartphone users.I gave up my Nexus 5 for this phone!!!.and boy am I pleased!!! 
 
Background: I consider myself a very techie person, I have had all Nexus devices till now with some trials with karbonn. I was very happy with my Nexus 5 from LG. But as the need for dual sim arrived I had to find a decent phone. When Moto G was announced, I was really impressed by the Spec Sheet and made my mind up to buy one just for buying it. 
 
Pros: 
A. Many specs sheet don't mention the following two items which have made me really happy after noticing them on the phone. 
1. Notification LED, there is a white notificaiton LED on the top side of the phone 
2. Noise Cancellation Mic: There is one right next to the 3.5mm audio out port. This was a surprise as no spec sheet mentions this. 
 
B. The phone does provide a bit of weight in your hand, so you feel like you are using something of quality. 
C. The way it slips into the pocket is amazing. If you put it with the screen inwards, the curvy bulge fits well which somehow makes me happy about putting the phone in my pocket. Feels like it is hugging me. :D 
D. It is as responsive as my Nexus 5, the flappy bird game is smoother than Nexus 5 
E. It is quite small and cute device that fits in your hand well, the dimple on the back is nice to play with while holding the phone 
F. Speakers are loud enough and the call quality is prime, as good as nexus 5 and definitely better than Karbonn S5, something one would expect from Motorola 
G. The LED Torch on the back is decent and can blind you if you stare at it :D 
H. Touch is responsive and this is probably the smoothest Jelly Bean phone I have used. 
I. The camera is OK, not absolutely great, but does its part. It does have a slow motion video capture feature which is something I'd like to try out more. Camera software from Motorola is pretty intuitive 
J. There are additional software added to an almost stock android OS like Motorola Assist, Migrate, Care, Contextual Services, Boot Services, and FM radio that really stand apart and make this phone that much better from the Software side. 
1. Assist has some unique features that puts the phone in sleep mode during specified timings and stops unimportant calls. Important calls made within 5 minutes come through. Putting the phone in silent mode when your calendar has a meeting, etc. 
2. Migrate can get your information from your older phone 
3. This is by far the best FM radio app I have seen on android. 
 
Cons: 
The screen density can be a bit of an issue, as icons and text might look smaller, but you do get a lot of screen area 
The volume and power buttons jiggle ever so slightly, which might degrade over time, but not at the moment 
No NFC, would have been perfect as Metro will be using NFC for ticketing 
 
Overall: 
 
Must have phone if you want dual SIM or Latest version of android or excellent radio reception, great value for money. Not even once have I missed my Nexus 5!!!Product is Awesome... Flipkart messed up the distribution part.Product is awesome. No words for the joint creation of Google and Motorola. 
5 Star for Product but 1 Star for Flipkart Service. 
 
The biggest mistake they did is to keep it exclusive on Flipkart. They simply were not able to handle the demand. Though delivery was spot on but they cancelled many orders on their own on Launch day to avoid Offers applicability, I suppose. 
 
I exchanged almost 30 emails and several calls with Flipkart in order to get the phones order on day.1. Very frustrating experience this time. 
 
Flipkart should take customer concern before cancelling any orders. They also lack in Internal coordination as one of the executive says your all 3 orders are in process, after half an hour 2 of them are cancelled. 
There is no value of commitment given by Flipkart Executives, you need to keep on explaining your story to each executive afresh.Kit kat update issues.This phone was awesome till i upgraded to kitkat.After upgrading to kit kat,i am not able to use camera app...i am getting a &quot;camera error&quot; message while opening the camera ...any one know how to fix this issue ...after restart it will ok.But again it is happening .I already deleted the camera cache and data .But still the issue persists .BAD DELIVERY.i have booked this mobile on 10 th of Feb and till date no confirmation even after calling up twice on customer care for delivery , but was shocked to see so many reviews on delivery , where a customer has ordered on 14th of Feb and received on 17 th Feb morning , i would like to know whether Filpkart is giving priority to people who ordered on prepaid and COD will be treated as last and if that's the case Flipkart should have mentioned will placing orders priority delivery for Prepaid orderstoo much waiting time.. pls procure soon..I placed the order on 13th feb, but I have not received any update on the same till today. 
Atleast provide some dates and update the order status. 
I know the scarcity caused by this amazing phone, but I am surprised to see few people receiving it after 2-3 days of order (Yes i am talking about 16gb).... 
ThanksHuge delay in delivery informed after buying.Placed order for 16GB, at first it was 10th Feb and after few minutes it was changed to 17th feb. 
This is totally not okay. I am disappointed with this. 
 
If this was the case then i would have got this mobile from some other place or bought some other mobile altogether.This is pure awesomeness.Pros 
1. Money: For same configuration you've to nearly pay 7-8K more in Samsung, Sony, etc 
2. Sharp Display: At 329 ppi it is better than even Nexus 4 (326ppi) 
3. Ridiculously loud speaker 
4. Android 4.4.2: You receive the update asa you connect to the Internet 
5. Dual sim, dual standby (both micro-sim) 
6. Even 8 gb version is sufficient for an average user (1gb songs + 1gb photos + 2gb videos and movies + 1.5gb for apps) (5 gb usable) 
 
Mediocrities: 
1. Decent camera 
2. Average quality headphones included in the box 
 
Cons 
1. No usb cable included (charger included does not include a detachable cable) 
2. Service centres available in only metrosA fantastic phone!.An excellent device. You may buy this without a second thought. I usually research and window-shop for at least a couple of months, but this is the first phone I've purchased on an impulse! 
 
Even when I had absolutely no intention of buying the Moto G, I was disappointed that it went out of stock so soon on the launch day! I happened to notice it back in stock in the afternoon, but was able to get only the 8GB (~5.5GB usable). I was initially not very convinced with the internal storage and thought I'll eventually cancel the order and wait for the 16GB, but I held on, secretly wishing for a 100% cash back amongst other goodies. I however got the other launch day offers for clothing and e-books, and purchased a royal blue back cover for Rs.270. 
 
The pure Android OS is slick and snappy, showing no signs of any lag whatsoever, and is actually addictive to the point where I sometimes switch on the display just to toggle through the homescreens and launcher! The experience is simply superb! 
 
After two weeks of usage, I have all but forgotten that I do not have much internal storage left. This is such a beautifully crafted piece! I am pretty sure I'll move all photos to the 65GB Google Drive, keep ~2GB of mp3s, and small games. I use the phone mostly for browsing, texting, social networking, light gaming, phone calls, YouTube, Skype, Viber etc,. I do not mind the non-expandable internal storage, but it would have been nice to have a micro SD slot. 
 
The Jellybean install had a small bug with the volume control. It would remain low till about 90% and then get very loud in the last 10% or so. This issue is resolved post installing KitKat, and the volume increase is now gradual. 
 
After I upgraded to KitKat, the battery dropped from 62% to 42% after the initial reboot! The backup seems to have stabilised after a factory reset and a few days of usage, and hopefully it will continue to remain an 'all day battery'. 
 
Mounting storage through OTG reportedly works well on the Indian Moto G with 4.4.2, as demonstrated by user 'Geekyranjit' on his YouTube channel. I haven't tried this yet, but I am planning to buy a cable or an OTG pen drive. 
 
The HD display is crisp and stunning. You will want to watch movies on this thing! Watching HD videos from YouTube is mind blowing, but I do this only while on WiFi as the data usage is heavy for such content. Small text is legible and very clear. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 is very thin, so the screen is almost close to the glass, making it all the more beautiful! 
 
The build quality is great and the phone feels very premium! The phone feels slim and sufficiently weighted and it literally slips into the pocket. The volume and power buttons rattle a bit, but provide nice tactile feedback. The back cover is difficult to take off, but there is a one minute video by user 'himesh123456789' on YouTube that demostrates how to do this easily. 
 
The non removable battery is fine. Due to long backup, expect lesser charging cycles and hence longer battery life. Keep the phone charged at 45-90% with regular top-ups to prolong its life. Never deep cycle (0-100%) your smartphone battery often, except when there is a need to calibrate, as doing so will reduce its service life. There is no 'memory effect', so you can charge at random. 
 
The camera isn't the best, but it does the job. The secondary cam is decent. The LED bulb is very bright and lights up a fairly large area. 
 
The loudspeaker is very shrill, and extremely loud! This is important in noisy environments where one can miss hearing a ringtone. Music is surprisingly crisp and the tiniest of details are audible.The treble is extreme, but the bass is low. One should refrain from keeping the volume at 100% while playing media, as the speaker tends to crackle and distort. 95% is the sweet spot for clean maximum volume. Audio quality through headphones is alright. 
 
Call quality is nice. Voice is clear and reception is neat. The earpiece is sufficiently loud. WiFi and 3G connectivity is good and I haven't faced any connection drops till now. The browsing experience is smooth. Kinetic scrolling and zoom work perfectly. 
 
The bundled accessories aren't of the best quality and the headphones just add up to the pile of unused wired hands-free devices lying around since the first Nokia days. The all white charger looks neat but comes with an awkward looking two pin, like it was put together in a hurry for the Indian retail packaging. I would've personally preferred to have the standalone USB cable like the one bundled with the US version, but I already have a tough Sony Ericsson cable and charger that came with the st15i. A micro USB wall charger is however a welcome addition to the collection in some ways, so one can be kept plugged in at home, one in office, one in the travel bag, etc,. 
 
All in all, a nice package! A purchase that would bring you up to date with the flagship smartphone experience, for a fraction of the price.Moto G - Supersmooth Superfone.Hi Guys, 
 
I have had this phone for 48 hours now. Got it delivered at 50% charged which lasted for close to 28 hours with constant FBooking, Whatsapping, 2-3 hours of continuous music play and the regular fiddling around. So now you can judge the battery power yourself. 
 
Coming to the phone itself, following are my observations: 
1) Feels heavy given its medium size. 
2) Back cover is NOT sturdy. Texture is good. 
3) No explicit Reboot phone option on pressing power button. There are other ways though. 
4) You cannot modify home-screens. 
5) Usable storage ~ 12.5 GB 
6) I installed Facebook, Whatsapp and 1TapCleaner Pro. Copied 30 mp3 songs on the device. Available Storage now has come down to 11.5 GB. RAM used is 558 MB and Free RAM is 324 MB. The device still is running superfast. 
7) The touch is amazing. Much better than the Samsungs Galaxy Grand. Comparable to an iPhone. 
8) Audio quality (System and Media) is very good. 
9) In-call volume is also very good. 
10) Display is really impressive. The images look crystal clear and are very sharp. 
10) Camera is poor. The processing i.e. clicking of pictures, browsing the gallery is pretty fast BUT the picture quality is BAD in low light. 
11) No SD card and ONLY Micro Dual-SIM. 
12) Activated a 3G data plan and the internet works super fast. Even the WiFi at home was great. 
13) Kitkat 4.4.2 NOT yet available in India. 
 
Other Moto G users may agree/disagree with my views so To Buy or Not to buy is at your sole discretion. I am happy with my device.Excellent value for money.Placed the order for Moto G on 6th Feb around 11:30 PM and it was delivered to me by 2:30 PM on 8th of Feb. This was crazy fast service by Flipkart. Kudos. Although the availability of 16 GB would have been fantastic, I settled for the 8GB version. (When we placed order 16GB version was already out of stock.) 
 
I use a nexus 4 (16GB), which in my mind was great value for money. We bought this phone for my wife. Now about the phone. 
 
Memory(Storage): 
8GB may be less, out of which only 5GB is usable. Again, our usage did not warrant for 16GB but many people who want to store lot of data (pics/videos/songs/movies) and are always on move should certainly go for 16GB version. 
 
Memory(RAM): 
1GB is quite okay. Although compared with nexus its just half, but again consider the price you are paying. so far, we never felt the like running short of RAM. there is always some memory left. 
 
Screen: 
4.5 inch screen is ample enough for activities like watching videos, browsing websites, reading etc while at the same time convenient to be operated by just one hand. Touch sensitivity is quite good and phone is pretty responsive. Colors are pretty amazing. 
 
Handling: 
Very sweet phone. It's thin and provides good grip. camera's at just right places. 
 
Camera: 
Picture quality is not fantastic and I could not find photo sphere which I was expecting in this phone. It's certainly not the strong feature of the phone. 
 
Software: 
The greatest part is pure android experience without any nonsense software and no samsung like childish fonts and color schemes. Just loved that. 
 
Sim: 
It's dual sim and frankly we did not want a dual sim phone. Looks like micro sim is becoming a standard these days so be ready with a micro sim. I am yet to get the replacement sim or cut the existing sim as I did not know it has just the micro sim slots. 
 
Radio: 
Nice addition is radio (which was not there is nexus 4). 
 
Connectivity: 
Data cable is missing from the package. I was surprised to know that. Anyways usually everyone has a data cable these days. 
 
To conclude, this phone is totally worth the money while providing superior quality. It will surely give a tough competition to samsung and micromax in its segment.Flipkart is not able to scale up being the exclusive supplier of Moto G.Although Flipkart is the official supplier for Moto G Release in the Indian Markets, I dont think Filpkart is taking it seriously. This is a tremendous opportunity for Flipkart Branding and excellent profits and turnover. With such great offers, Flipkart should make sure that visitors are satisfied with their purchase before they leave for good. 
 
I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO PURCHASE THIS WONDERFUL PIECE SINCE YESTERDAY AFTERNOON. A WHOLE DAY HAS PASSED THE WEBSITE IS RUNNING THROUGH SERVER ISSUES. 
 
IS THIS HOW SERIOUS YOU ARE ABOUT YOUR BUSINESS THAT EVEN AFTER A CALL TO YOUR COMPANY, YOU GUYS RESPOND BY SAYING TRY LATER. 
 
Sometimes I feel this opportunity was not handled well by Flipkart at all. They did not deserve it. In these situations, when orders are going through the roof on this one product. Flipkart should see that the webpage can handle the traffic and every order gets through. Instead, they are full of themselves. Their incompetence would have lost them a lot of business in the last 1 day. Flipkart is not valuing this wonderful opportunity they have. 
 
Hell, I am not buying the product. I might as well wait for it to come out in e-zone or so.Mind blowing product from Motorola and Google...Makes me wonder why Google sold Motorola to Lenovo. This product is freaking awesome and matches the smoothness power and performance of iPhone .. 
I ordered 16gb version for my wife. I think 8gb might have been ok as we get amazing 50gb of Google Drive storage for 2 years. 
 
First of all due credit to Flipkart for bringing this to India. A BIG Thank You.. I have read many persons complaining about purchase and delivery, comparing it with Tatkal booking in railways..To all these people, please get a good internet connection and have patience. 
I tried early morning, didn't get. Tried afternoon, got it.. 
 
The Motorola box is really cute. I thought it might be bigger..Packing is simple and sufficient. In India we get charger and wired headset. 
 
Display:You switch on for the first time and the first think that strikes you is the Display. Its love at first sight man.. With resolution of 1280X720 and density of 320 dpi, its simply amazing. 
 
Processor: Quad core Snapdragon perform multitasking like cake walk. Its based on ARM v7 rev3 arch.Tried Skype with email and one background game. Everything worked perfectly. 
 
Memory: 1gb is good enough for a decent performance unless, we put the device to stress testing by opening 20-30 apps. 
Back Camera(5MP): I was bit skeptical about the camera as per reviews but the pics come out really well in night also. As we all know photo shooting is all about light and angle. 
 
Front Camera(1.3MP): The camera performed decent under low light. 
 
Graphics: For game lovers OpenGL 1.1 and OpenGL 3.0 is supported. Its powered by Adreno 305 chipset. I played some high end heavy games like Fifa, assassin's creed, Modern combat. All performed well without any problems.. 
 
Sensors: There are 6 amazing sensors : 
 1. 3-axis Accelerometer 
 2. 3-axis Magnetic field sensor 
 3. AK8963 Orientation sensor 
 4. CT406 Proximity sensor 
 5. CT406 Light sensor 
 6. Display Rotation sensor 
All work perfectly in tandem without any issues. Play games, Use apps, all work perfectly.. 
Using Google Maps have never been so accurate. 
 
Codecs: There are around 44 codecs available which almost covers the entire gamut of video and audio players. 
 
Software: It comes with Android 4.3 Jelly Bean. As in US this will soon be upgraded to 4.4. Performance is really good. Software complements the hardware really well. We have good support features from Motorola like Assist, Migrate etc. I also comes bundled with precious Google Apps. 
 
Battery:2070 mAh. Easily lasts 1 day under medium usage. 
 
Dual Sim Support: Yes.. this has dual sim support. I couldn't believe it&hellip; 
FM radio is integrated.. 
 
Headset: Quality is ok. Boom and Bass wasn't expected. 
 
We can guess how much profit Apple and Samsung are raking in from the consumers. 
Hats off to Google and Motorola to be able to build such a fantastic product at an amazing price. They have shown to the world, smartphones need not touch sky rocketing prices to be the best. Another year together, they would've surely brought down Apple and Samsung.You should Know.I ordered this phone and it got delivered to me in just one day. I should say 'Big thanks' to flipkart to made it happen.. 
 
Started using this phone from past 2 days 
1. Loving the edges and its rough phone. ( Don't worry even if by mistake phone hits the floor). I experienced it yday, as i was riding bike, and tried picking it frm my pocket and fell down on road. Uffff.. My heart was pumping more, finally nothing happened except just one dot in one edge.. 
 
2. Feeling the Lovely blackish gorilla screen cover, awesome. 
3. Touch sensitive is equals to Iphone model, ( Might be if i start using more apps and fill up other memory, can't say for now), 
4. Sits lovely in your hand as the way they made it. 
5. 16 GM memory, Wow. Lots of stuff to fill. 
6. GAMING, Installed Subway surfers- Pretty awesome without lags while playing. And Death Racing game too. Till now i have installed 18 apps, no lags as of now. Will give review once i found any.. 
CONS i just can say about headphones which got with phone, looks good though, but for bit of sound it's giving roaring sound. 
 
Charger is awesome. 
Conclusion, More Pros .. You will really love it. Waiting for Kit Kat update :-) One time experience. You will never regret for buyingExcellent phone under 15K.Awesome phone.I am using this phone from one week. Very much satisfied with the hardware.Tested the phone with a benchmark application, which yielded a decent score of 17186,which is very close to the scores of mobile phones ranging between 22K to 25K 
(The benchmark app tests User interface,RAM,GPU and I/O of the phone.So Moto G has 
done a &quot;GOOD JOB&quot; in the test).&quot;ART(Android runtime)&quot; is the new run time which is newly introduced in KITKAT update which makes phone more faster than older run time Dalvik. 
 
Some key features of the phone: 
 
+ Got the phone with factory installed KITKAT update (Android 4.4.2) 
+ Good processing speeds with 1.2GHz Quad Core processor and 1GB RAM 
+ Corning Gorilla glass,which is scratch proof 
+ 16gb memory out of which 12.92gb is available for user 
+ Water resistant and dust resistant 
+ Moto G users get 50gb free google drive space for 2 years 
+ Motorola Migrate - Used to migrate contacts,images,videos,messages from old smart phone to new smart phone 
+ Accommodates two networks (Dual SIM) 
+ Auto brightness sensor 
+ Good voice clarity while making calls 
+ Usually Motorola lags in battery performance in their past mobile models, But this phone has decent battery backup with 2070 mAh battery,Which lasts for 24 hours under optimum usage. 
 
Drawbacks: 
- No expandable memory.Hence opting for 16gb model is good idea rather than 8gb model (12.92gb of memory is quite sufficient for me). 
- Phone Camera is not that impressive,But good at this price range. 
- No USB cable in the box 
- ear phones are not that impressive 
 
Overall, Moto G is packed with power full hardware and Operating system (Android KITKAT,Hope users get few more android updates). Spending on this phone is VALUE FOR MONEY.Perfect phone for college going guys. I know too long but honest review with negative and positive aspect.Well i have been using this phone for last say what around 15 days, and uptill now i am satisfied. I was previously using samsung galaxy3 which many of u would not now about, it was also a decent phone in same price range four yrs ago, i cracked its screen had been using it for 4 months and searching a phone first i was thinking of going for Lenevo P780 which was costing me 16G i know thats a lot, and than i stumbled across this model and realised rather thatn going for lenevo (though 4000mah battery) i would go for moto g reason was its build wasnt as good as moto G's and lets say moto g had better specs than it except battery where ofcoourse lenevo had an upper hand. 
 
As for the phone I had say i researched well for this phone before buying it, and realised it was really good u can search for Erica's videos where she has deeply reviewed this phone, and she has also uploaded a video where she has checked its water resistance, and had kept it in water for 30min, 30 min man that some time, well now for the rumors related to the phone i heard if it shuts down due to less battery it doesnt wake up well thats not entirely true, if ur phone has 0% battery left than it will have to be charged to 1% to switch it on.Its same as lumina. I also heard after kitkat update there are network issues, thats y i havent updated to kitkat, u know waiting for the authencity of that rumor. 
 
Now i will divide the review in points i know its QUITE LONG BUT REAL BUYERS will bear it as they need to know the facts of the phone what each and every faces with it.. 
 
1. Flipkart managed the launch politically they needed to make a good image of motorola in Indian market as lets face it motorola in India never had the market. So i had say job well done flipkart by creating the hype on the phone and attracting customers, but let me tell u this phone is ofcourse not worth that much hype but ya 50% of that hype is desserverd by this phone. DElivery was gud i was told i will recieve it in 7 days and recieved in 3 htough I also had to wait for 6 days as waiting period. 
 
2. Looks: let me tell u this phone gives u the looks of real phone not a like a cheap phone looks which samsung completly lacks. Man u have paid 14G for the phone u deserve something which says Bitch i bought this phone and its worth 14Gs. It has textured finish back and curved . PERFECT GRIP fits perfectly in my hands which are not freakishly small nor freakishly i.e normal hands. 
 
3. Durability: Well i haven't dropped this yet so i cant say anything but that Erica's 30 mint video makes u realize that this is actually water resistant. 
 
4. Battery: lets face it smart phones never had long battery life, unlike mmx this phone does last 1 to 1.25 day complete charge to 10% with normal usage wifi and of course no Sync in and normal games like flappy bird and fifa14. 
 
5. Processing: Man here phone is the winner, I have never seen it lag any where i played Asphalt 8, perfect even on high video quality though battery consumption is very high with this game it would drain my completely charged battery in 3-4 hours of game play. 
Also play Fifa 14 regularly and its perfect. 
 
6. Heating: I have realised that when i am doing real heavy tasks and play games like Asphalt 8 mobile heats up after continuous play of 30-40mints. 
 
7. Camera:Looks decent, never use mobile camera prefer a real camera over this for sure. 
 
8. Touch and Screen : Perfect Touch and perfect screen visibility even the 2 clicks more than the least brightness is sufficient for me. 
 
Overall review perfect phone at this price range, perfect phone for college students but not for professionals who like a battery of 1.2-1.5 days, Just let the lord not make any harm to it as I ain't sure about the service quality of Motorola especially in my city Gwalior. 
i will rate it 3.5 star but flipkart never thought of doing that so i give it a upper hand on 3.5 i.e. 4Awesome Moto with awesome Flipkart.Was desperately waiting for the release of Moto G in India and when I heard it's going to be launched in India, I got super excited. But what made it a even killer news was that it was going to be launched exclusively by Flipkart. Awesome I said. 
And then the day came and I was one of the lucky ones who ordered the 16 GB version and as expected from Flipkart, was treated with the most prompt service by any of the online resellers in India. Shipped and delivered within 3 days . Awesome as usual I say :) Flipkart rocks :) 
Now coming to the device. After hearing and seeing online reviews praising this Moto and this one being designed under Google , I had high hopes with this one. And I must I was skeptical while opening the box. 
 
But all my doubts were put to rest the moment I held this device in hand, it felt like a premium device to hold , very very unlikely of a device at this price point. Now here is the review with the short use time I had with it. 
 
Design : Awesome build, Very good to hold, a nice grip enhanced my the engraved moto logo in the back. The build is very premium considering the price point of this device. 
Screen : The screen is stunning. It's the perfect size, not tiny ,not mammoth, just perfect. It has a very bright screen with stunning color reproduction, little warm with the perfect saturation. And thanks to its 4.5-inch display, the Moto G has that perfect size in giving a very comfortable typing experience. Overall a brilliant screen 
OS : Almost stock android and remember this device was made my Motorola while it was still a Google company. In fact it still comes written with 'Motorola- A google company' text on top. And this shows in the presentation of the android (4.3 as of now but as per news floating over internet, 4.4 is on it's way since it already started rolling out in Malaysia ). The software is clean and responsive without any lag or stutter. Awesome :) 
Camera : It's a good camera . But it's a 5 mp camera . So it will have limitations of a 5 mp camera. But it's a very good 5 mp camera. 
The Device, performance : It's fast, pretty fast. It's hard to believe what Motorola did with this device considering the price point. Throwing in such specs at such price is ridiculously amazing :) The benchmarks scores are good, the responsiveness and speeds are great, gaming is good without dropping any frames as such. Overall it hits a sweet spot of price vs performance and it's a real winner :) 
In short, it is the best budget smartphone your money can buy. And being sold by flipkart, only adds the cherry to the cake . 
 
Awesome, I say :)Best Price vs Performance Ratio Phone.This phone is really good. And specially, if you're not a rich brat but want to own a decent smartphone that can uphold the competition against your rich friends' heavy duty phones, then this device is just for you. :) 
 
The accessories contained in the package: 
-The Moto G Phone 
-1 Charger 
-1 set of earphones 
- Manual 
 
PROs 
- Decent hardware, good enough to run any of the latest 3D mobile based games. 
- Decent speaker, loud, sound doesn't burst off, so if you wanna setup the vintage radio music type mood, go ahead and play it. Its good. 
- Decent battery life as compared to other android based smartphones, sucks up less juice. 
- The touch is genuinely responsive. 
- The looks of the Phone with a Matte finished curvy rear panel thats sets out sleek and doesn't fail to be an eye candy all the time. 
- Now, rear cam - 5MP and a front cam - 1.3MP, is the best deal you can get in this amount, moreover you don't need to debate on the fact because just admit to yourself as to how much of a professional photographer you're gonna be with a lil phone camera, so don't sweat it, just be happy, both of them will serve more than you require. :P :) 
- And last but not the least with no effort you'll be switched to Kitkat 4.2.2 as soon as it launches. 
- The mic+earphone headset gives clear audio output for calls. 
 
CONs: 
- Even with such an impressive package for such an impressive price, the phone only comes with a maximum of 16GB internal memory. 
- No support for external memory card. Mean whatever the heack you want to do, you've gotta do it all in that 16GB, however, it too isn't a big loss as we haven't reached that era yet where you need a much more spacious memory card, so you can go happy and lucky. 
- The earphones are pathetic when it comes to listening music. Its all treble with no bass, though remember they're good at call and chat purpose so you'll have to spend an additional couple o'hundred bucks to buy yourself decent earphones. 
 
Final Conclusion: 
Clearly, this phone has more PROs than CONs and to say, the CONs too are just sort of rudimentary luxury up till a certain limit, so you don't need to worry about them. Spending your beloved money that you saved month after month on this piece won't ever make you regret it. Its awesome. Go for it. :)Awsommmmmmmmme, Paisaaa Vassoool Mobile ! Great Value for money Mobile !.Hey Guys ! Before buying this mobile I did researched for about 2-3 months.And tested Samsung, Karbonn, Micromax etc but didn't satisfied of their full HD screen and all around experience. 
And after that I decided that I will go for &quot;Best Reviewed mobile&quot; and then came to know about Motorola Moto G. 
Great &quot;Paisaaa Vassoool&quot; Screen,Super Sturdy,Durable,Scratch proof Gorilla Glass III Protected Screen ! Slightly better that iPhone,You can feel Great experience during surfing on web pages on internet,Excellent Sound Quality during call and in Music Player,Lightning fast processing (Thanks to mind boggling Snapdragon Quad Core Processor and 1 GB RAM), 
Guys I have searched for various reviews for this mobile and most of them say that &quot;Camera is disappointing&quot; but Hey Guys ! I don't think so ! Camera is also &quot;good&quot; if not the best. In this price, please don't expect photo quality like&quot;Digital Camera&quot;. 
though it has some &quot;Cons&quot; also,like 
1) Headphones are not &quot;In the Ear&quot; type (Now that's very disappointing ) 
2) No USB OTG Cable in the box. 
That's all I can say I didn't like about. 
But about the Phone? Motorola Moto G is only &quot;Fantaabuloussss&quot; phone in this price range. 
Buy it with eyes closed ! And you will not regret your decision ! Believe me ! 
 
Ragrds, 
Sandip PatilA High-End Smartphone @ Dirt Cheap Price!.The Moto G has sparked a revolution in the Indian Market with its high end features and really affordable price! The specs of this device are stunning, keeping the price factor in mind. I mean HD display with Gorilla Glass 3 backed with a 1.2 GHz quad core Snapdragon 400 processor and an Adreno 305 GPU (450MHz) @13k....? No other company has ever dared to do this since they're only focused on earning profits. But this is Google we're talking about guys and Google is Awesome! 
 
I've used this phone for over a week now and the following points cover my experience with this device- 
1. The build quality of the phone is pretty solid and feels/looks premium. 
2. You do get Android 4.4.2 Kitkat out of the box. 
3. 12.5 GB is available contrary to the 16GB written on the box (that's expected). 
4. I've been playing some heavy games like Asphalt 8, Dead Trigger 2, Fifa 14 on FULL graphics and lemme tell you guys, there is 0 lag while playing. There's no problem even if you minimize the game and do something else for a while. None at all!! 
5. The battery lasts 1.5-2 days on normal usage (Everything excluding playing heavy games) but it obviously drains pretty quickly while playing. It's better to keep the Brightness to about 50% as the screen drinks the maximum juice. 
6. The device doesn't heat at all while charging, playing or using wifi. 
7. USB OTG works flawlessly with this device. You just need to download a file explorer (I prefer Es). You can play even 1080p videos from your pen drive. Btw its not just flash drives. You can plug in your keyboard and even your mouse! 
8. Camera isn't good at all. It's Average I'd say. Don't even think about taking low light shots with this phone. 
9. Web browsing is flawless. Standard Chrome browser works well! 
10. Surprisingly, the external speaker of this phone is pretty loud and clear! No issues with that either. 
11. No problems with call quality or messaging. 
 
Antutu Benchmark score: 17,099. It's above Galaxy S3 and close to Nexus 4 with a price that is half of those :P 
 
If you're looking for an Android Smartphone below 20k, take my word and blindly go for moto g. You won't regret it!!Moto G IS the game changer..what you need to about this device.I have used MotoG for over a week now and it's simply brilliant. Here is my review. 
Pros: 
1. Display: At 326ppi its 4.5&quot; IPS HD screen stands as tall as Apple's iphone 5s retina screen. Add Corning Gorilla Glass 3(which has only been seen on phones like Nexus and Xperia z) to that and you have yourself questioning how Motorola managed to offer it all under 15k? 
What that means:A crystal clear display with great viewing angles and no loss of colors. even under direct sun, the viewing is just fine. You can keep your car keys in the same pocket with your phone without worrying about the scratches on the screen, thanks to Gorilla Glass 3 which also makes the screen dust resistant and fairly water resistant too.Honestly, the screen IS something to talk about regarding it's price. 
 
2. Processor: 
Moto G is powered by a quad core Snapdragon. 
What that means:An ultra responsive smartphone which registers almost every touch and shows no sign of lags under its limits. Multitasking is as easy as it can be and it doesn't hang itself till death like Samsung and Micromax I won't say that this phone is a powerhouse gaming smartphone but it runs all the popular games very well and for the likes of graphic heavy &quot;Asphalt&quot; and &quot;FIFA14&quot; the running is smooth after a little bit of tweaking in the game settings. 
 
3. Platform:This Android is a KitKat! well actually it comes as a Jelly Bean out of the box but as soon as you will connect it to internet it will upgrade itself to the latest version of Android i.e KitKat or 4.4.2 which was only limited to Google flagship devices like Nexus 5 till now Moreover MotoG is pure Google as it has no skin/bloatware/sponsored apps installed on it. So Long TouchWiz! 
What that means:Better Android experience with latest version in the form of KitKat Google now is more handy and intuitive. there are no lags and the over all look and feel of OS has improved making it a more premium experience and since KitKat was designed with mid-range handsets in mind it works superbly on this device. Now without any flagship skin or bloatware, phone does run faster and feels simpler which is a good thing. 
 
4. Aesthetics:The whole look and feel of MotoG screams about the care Motorola and Google has put in this device to make it look premium and feel sturdy. When I first held it in hand I found it hard to believe that this a &quot;cheap&quot; device because it certainly doesnt feel so. Hats Off to Motorola. at 140gms it is not light but it wont feel heavy either. It will feel solid and maybe a little bit hefty but not at all cheap. Hardware is top notch with a rubberized back panel which isn't wafer like (Samsung Galaxy devices) or creaky like other cheap phones. even the power button and volume rocker are solid, sharp and shiny. There are videos on youtube which show this phone under water for upto 30 minutes and still working fine. All in all it doesn't look like a phone worth 14k but something around 22-25k and feels really nice in hand. 
 
5. Battery and speakers:2070 mAh. Good enough to run this device for a day and maybe a slight bit more than that after a little optimization. Nothing extraordinary going on here but not a downer either. Speakers are something else which impressed me and this might only be a personal opinion but they do sound loud,crisp and clear which was a surprise as I was expecting a dull and murky experience at this price but once again Motorola has delivered with a stunning piece of hardware at low cost. 
 
Cons:All is not well though with this handset and there are a few things which could have been done in a better way but would definitely mean pushing the price tag more towards 20-22K 
1. Storage:8GB/16GB And that's it! ouch! MotoG doesnt offer a memory slot for any of above mentioned versions but I think at 16GB it offers ample space for all what is needed in a phone. Not to forget 50 GB cloud storage provided by Google on Google drive for free which is welcoming but far from being a solution. It wasn't a deal-breaker for me and I think 16GB is sufficient for an avg. user. otherwise OTG cable Zindabaad! 
2. Camera Rear:5MP Front:1.2 MP HDR and slow motion video recording 
 at 5MP this phone leaves you wanting for more. it performs just fine in adequate light with an image which has nothing to be talked about. Although features like HD recording and Slow motion video recording adds to the experience but still far from a great camera. 
 
The Biggest PRO is ofcourse pricing and at 14k(16GB) this phone is almost like a revolution, shifting the balance of the market more towards mid range phones which can also deliver. 
Conclusion: For those who are looking for a no fuss, good looking, sturdy device with a great display and hardware offering latest OS available with a reliable chipset under the bonnet at and affordable price (that's pretty much what one needs anyway).Awesome Phone for 14K.Here is the review for MOTO G from my experience!!!! 
 
(This review is exclusively for Normal mobile users not for those who claim themselves as a gadget expert/geek and those who have used more Android phones) 
 
Disappointments as soon as you open the box : 
1) No USB cable attached charger. Instead they have given normal charger. To add more shock, There is no USB cable. 
2) Headphone looks like a locally made one. More like a basic nokia headphone!!! 
 
Chillax!! You will get a grin as soon as you see the tag &quot;Motorola, A Google Product&quot; in the phone's screen guard belly!! 
(Yes at least till the deal between Lenovo and Google fall in place) 
 
More comparison towards Nexus will be made as most of the ingredients are similar if not the same!! 
 
Screen/Resolution/UI : Best part of Moto G.Top notch stuff for a mid variant!! 
You will hardly find a difference between Nexus 4 and Moto G. 
 
Videos : 720p videos are playing well in the default player itself!! The same for 1020p videos if the file size is less. 
Trying to watch 1020 movie - You definitely need to use players like Mx Player or Vlc etc!! Default player hangs for ultra bluray videos!! 
 
Audio : Good enough for travel listening!! Better app for audio player will yield better results!! Louder among the same price rage devices. 
 
Headphones : Moderate.You have to use slightly angled while plugging into the ear to get the maximum effects. 
 
Apps/Internet : Undoubtedly, it scores good!! 
 
Camera : Biggest drawback of this beauty!! After reading several reviews, you will come to less expectation. It will be worse than that expectation for sure. Too much of noise and blurness in the pics. There were less than 5 MP Cybershot sony phones once we used, they were better than Moto G in this section. Just 5 MP for a good smart phone is a big minus.There is no separate key for taking pics, tapping will do the snap.However, Camera App is good. 
 
External Hardware : Design is sleek and looks good.It weighs little more than other hit android phones.Slightly less in width compared to Nexus 4.It does not own keys for 'Back,App and Menu', instead has the space in screen itself, Yup, Just like Nexus 4. 
 
Gaming : Awesome!! Try Asphalt 8 m/ 
 
Kikat update was rolled out and I updated!! There is no lag and battery backup is better now!! 
 
Pros : Un-effing-believable value to money, Screen resolution ,General performance 
Cons : Camera, No external memory 
 
If ur motto is to use mobile to take pics majorly, Say no to MOTO G!! 
If u have money to buy Nexus 5 and similar mobiles, Say no!! 
Otherwise, It is a must 'Go-for' mobile!! 
 
Personal Rating : 4.5/5 (surely 5/5 if cam was good) 
 
Moral-in-our-style : When you start to see/sight a group of gals (Android mobiles) , you know it will take much of spending to get the top figure (say Nexus 5) , but u can easily correct the 2nd or 3rd top ones (Moto G) by spending less!! 
They are also gals after all :D :)luckier.i ordered moto g 16gb on 12 feb .i got a conformation order today that your product has been dispactched and you get your product on 22 feb .but igot the product on 20 feb morning.Excellent delivery by flipkart.In the package i have got invoice and the service centres nearer my area.I'm in kerala (kollam) .Service centres are in cochi ,calicut,kannur etc. 
 About the phone 
 I'm just start using the phone and i dont go for first charging since so i dont comment about the battery. The phone is excellent on features but the acessorries are not so good 
there no usb cable,the headset was low quality and the charger also.i,m forced to buy new headset worth 1000.camera is not as i expected and also i have got kitkat updation when i connet to wifi that's superub.in contacts there no delete option before kitkat updation i have got 12.9 gb .but i got 11.9 gb.  
 
      once more i thanked flipkart for considering my order so quick and also for deliverring..............................This is dumbest launch.did you guys get 10 or 100 phones only. 
Pathetic !!!!! atleast make it available ASAP... 
 
If you cannot estimate the demand then no point in making it exclusive.. 
Shame on you mototrola and FlipkartBang for Buck! Moto G revolutionizing the Indian mid-range Smart Phone game!.At 14k for 16 GB one,it's an absolute steal! Device is playing all the apps and games buttery smooth, display is actually of higher density than the iPhone 5s and OS is almost pure android. But the best feature till now is that of battery life,been using many apps/multitasking but battery usage is so very less. I actually had no intention of buying this phone(was looking at micromamax,karbon,xolo etc in this price range) coz knew that just like the nexus devices the prices would be in the high range, but the moment flipkart announced the prices I jumped to buy this and was waiting for the midnight launch. Because I knew that it'll be out of stock if I got it morning. Good thing I bought it the moment the page went live.Because by 12:10 am it was off stock!Get real.All the ranters here apparently have never participated in new (awesome) product launches/flash sales on the internet and have no idea what a retailer is.Wait... Read this before you buy.Ok so, I am sure you would have read how good this phone is and the awesome value for money proposition it provides. No debating that - the phone is awesome. But how good is a phone if you cannot make a call from it? 
 
To cut long story short, the network drops regularly and the phone automatically switches to airplane mode. The SIM cards are not recognised and there is no apparent reason for this. The only way to fix this is to remove the SIM cards and put it back on and you have to keep checking your phone every 10 minutes to see if it is registered on the network or not. 
 
This has happened post the 4.4.2 update and I guess Motorola is actively working on a fix but no official communication yet (or at least I haven't come across). You can read multiple threads online on this issue. 
 
It may be fixed in 4.4.3 - but till then, I'd suggest hold on. Wait for the fix to come and then get your hands on this amazing bit of technology!Hell lot of issues.I was happy to receive the phone however the piece I received has hell hot of issues with the phone getting hanged in between, if i am using any app the screen swips from top unevenly. 
 
Even if the phone is kept unattended settings screen pops randomly.finally 16 gb comes.according to news new shipmen of 16 gb varient has arrived india , flipkart may start delivering in a day or twoSUPER duper delivery by FLipkart.It is a superb phone. A no nonsense phone with all the necessary ammunition required. 
Battery is quite good. Comes to around 25 to 30 hrs with moderate to high use. 
Screen is awesome. camera has to be used in HDR mode with minimum shake to get very good pics. The headset provided is good for calling but not ok for listening to music. Supports pendrive that can be used along with an adapter. The red back which I bought along with the phone suits it well. Couldnt buy flip cover. Happy with the phone till now. 
 
No data cable provided.Value for Money- Awesome Phone under 15K.Guys, who wanted to buy Nexus 4 but couldn't get it because of its par price. This is the phone which would provide you exposure to Google's Android; Nexus' cousin. I booked it on 8th Feb and got the same on 18th Feb. It has been two days exploring it's almost all the features. 
I will only discuss certain points(Not Negative) as many of you have been discussing its performance and stylish looks. 
 
1. Local headphones (Made in China) 
2. Camera is just ok. You will not get dslr for sure which you may think that you will get in Nexus 4 after spending 24K. 
3 Battery is not user removable. 
4. Get ready with your micro sims (As nobody can't wait exploring the same after receiving it) 
5. 8GB is only for only whatsapp and facebook app(limited apps) loving people as there could be internal memory issue. 
 
Hope you find my review helpful.REASON NOT TO BUY THIS ALIEN.....AFTER READING MANYYYY REVIEWS I COME TO SOME CONCLUSIONS... 
PRICE: 13999 
YOU ADD  
FLIP COVER 1599 
GOOD EAR PHONE 1000 (AS THE EAR PHONE COMES IN THE BOX IS PATHETIC) 
TOTAL= 16500 APRX 
EVEN INCLUDE A GOOD CHARGER AS FLIPKART PROVIDED CHARGER IS NOT UPTO THE MARK,PEOPLE ARE USING SAMSUNG CHARGER TO CHARGE THEIR MOTOG. 
-NOW. 
BATTERY NON REMOVABLE 
I CONFIRMED ITS PRICE FROM SERVICE CENTER THEY TOLD ME AROUND RS 1200,AND IT WILL TAKE 4TO7 DAYS FOR REPLACEMENT.. 
IF U COMPARE WITH SAME SAMSUNG BATTERY IT COST 400TO700RS 
AVAILABLE AT EVERY NUKKAD SHOP.. 
-FLIP COVER OF SAMSUNG SAY FOR EG SAMSUNG QUATTRO RS 499 
-ONLY 1 SERVICE CENTER IN LUCKNOW WHEREAS NEARLY 10 SERVICE CENTER OF SAMSUNG,NOKIA.. 
 
-MOTOROLA IS CURRENTLY NOT ACTIVE IN INDIA. 
-ONLY ONE SELLER OF MOTO G PHONE AND ITS ACCESSORIES i.e FLIPKART.. 
ACCESSORY OF MOTO G IS OUT OF STOCK ON FLIPKART FROM LAST MONTH..JUST KEEP WAITING FOR FLIP COVER.. 
ONCE U BOOK A PHONE AND WAIT FOR10 DAYS AND IN THE COMING DAYS SAME WILL GO FOR ITS ACCESSORIES. 
 
NO DOUBT MOTO G IS A GOOD PHONE BUT U CAN NOT RELY ONLY ON ITS POSITIVE SIDE THAT IT WILL LAST LONG AS IT IS MOTOROLA... 
SEEING THE NEGATIVE SIDE 
I CONCLUDED NOT TO BUY THIS ALIEN.. 
I HAD BUDGET OF 14000RS 
I COMPARED MANY PHONES AND FINALLY DECIDED TO BUY SAMSUNG GALAXY GRAND QUATTRO 
COSTING RS 14200 WITH FLIP COVER 
4.7 SCREEN ,QUAD CORE PROCESSOR,1GB RAM,8GB INTERNAL,WITH 32GB EXPANDABLE, LOTS MORE.. VERY SIMILAR TO MOTOG CONFIG 
REMOVABLE BATTERY ,EASILY AVAILABLE.. 
ANY SMALL SHOP PERSON CAN REPAIR IT AFTER IT IS OUT OF WARRANTY.. 
PARTS ARE COMPARATIVELY VERY CHEAP AND VERY EASILY AVAILABLE THAN MOTOROLA.. 
 
AND ONE MORE POINT FOR THOSE WHO ARE MUSIC LOVER... 
IF U WANT THUMP THUMP BASE SOUND,LOUD MUSIC..THEN MOTO G IS NOT THE CORRECT OPTION, 
MUSIC OUTPUT FROM 3.5MM JACK IS NOT GOOD. 
SO WHETHER U USE SENNHIESER ,SKULLCANDY ETC IT MAKES NO DIFFERANCE.. 
AND I AM TRULY A MUSIC LOVER.. 
HOPE THIS REVIEW WILL HELP U... 
AND SORRY MOTO GG LOVERS..EVEN I LOVE THE PHONE..BUTTA value for money proposition....An excellent phone... Love its sturdy construction and the gorilla glass 3 is a welcome addition to this mid range phone... have been using this phone for a week now and there have been no major lags or stutters... It is a capable work horse.. call quality is excellent.... the screen is a delight to look at... u cannot see pixels at any magnification... 
One of the main reason for me buying this phone was navigation and it doesn't disappoint... satellite lock is fast and precise.. 
The battery is enough for this phone.. with browsing, facebooking and whats apping all day i am left with 30% battery at the end of the day on a 2 g network using a single sim. 
The camera is decent for daylight photography but is not that efficient for low light pics but that's a given on a mid range phone...hey u blithering idiots.........review the phone not flipkart.ordered on 7th n got jus today...the movement i held the phone in my hand it felt as if i am holding a mobile nt lyk samsung where it feels like holding a big fat glazwd tile...camera quality is nt upto mark bt it captures pics for the price u hav given.....5/5.....proccessor-opened 10 apps n still wrks flawlessly bt i will giv-4.5/5,vale for money-no need to speak much....10/5,u understand better..............................n fools plz review phone....n dnt downgrade the overall rating of the phone. 
thank you, 
p.s flippy-although u ver late-i would giv-4/5 for its ausum delivery..... 
thank u, 
go for it blindly...........Updated to KIT KAT !!.Well, as far as Moto G is concerned, there are pros &amp; pros &amp; pros keeping in view the price range. No cons at all, believe me, I have been waiting for months for Moto G since it's launch in US as it has got no match in 15K price range, I would simply say, don't waste your time looking for another one, just go for it. 
And yes, since it has got no Memory Card slot, so a 16GB one is a sensible choice. 
 
PS : For the one who rated just 1 start for MOTO G out of Flipkart's frustration have done injustice to MOTO ;) 
 
************************************************************************** 
Updated my MOTO G to KIT KAT, everything works fine as of now, I installed numerous games &amp; apps, no lag noticed... Plus the 2G/3G issue is fixed automatically by KIT KAT update.Moto Motto awesome hai bhai.........Just short of words for this phone. Exceptional class purely different from the rest in the market. 
Hey guys first do not buy this as a smart phone but just go for a smart asset. This phone is awesome in performance no glitch while running any applications except non authentic android apps. Ran asphalt 8 a 1.6 gb game and it was so amazing that can not describe. 
Now here comes the comparison. If you want to own something really stunning moto g is going to make a mark. If u r bored of iPhone, galaxy (all species) htcs Sony and slugging lumias then definitely go for this phone for its awesome experience. 
 
PLUS points - Price, 329 ppi display, and 4.4.2 (kitkat waiting),design (truly compact). 
 
Cons - some people are saying about its camera, see guys if u r expecting slr quality in 5 megapixel the this is injustice. 
Till I have not seen any consider for this phone. 
 
Again I would like to say that if you wanna hold a class go.for motor home, it is far better from those indo-Chinese duplicates like Micromax,lava,karbon,color,panasonic and obviously from any windows phone also. 
 
Are yaar sabse badi baat ki ab to Google ka hath hai Motorola ke sar pe so ab to koi tension hi Nahi hai.Total Value for Money. Awesome Flipkart + WS Retail.** If you have a choice, DON'T upgrade to KitKat (Android 4.4.2) yet. It causes many bugs, that should get sorted with another update in a few months.** 
With KitKat, I faced Camera Crash bug, where it is not possible to start camera, unless you restart phone. I also faced voice volume drop issue. 
Removing one more star because of this bad update. 
 
Flipkart + ws retail experience: 
Ordered on 6th 12:02AM. Paid Rs90 for 1 day shipping, got phone on 7th before noon. Awesome! My sympathies with all those who couldn't book this phone or are getting a delayed delivery. I would have felt miserable after waiting for months. 
Was unable to find decent covers when booking order + the page wasn't discounting 70%. So had skipped that. Thanks to Flipkart for allowing affected users to order cover separately. 
 
Moto G: 
Phone is just the right size. 16GB should be adequate for me. Specs are good enough for moderate user like me. 
In box: Super cheap charger and headphones. Phone shipment screen guard has huge motorola logo on it. So you _have_ to remove it to use phone. Worrisome due to lack of screen guard availability. NO USB cable. 
 
Pure Android experience: Awesome. Install a few free apps to customize and you won't miss the TouchWizes of the world. 
4.4 update is yet to arrive in India. 
No lag. 
50GB google drive -&gt; Warning, only if you activate within first 30 days of activating phone. Do it fast! 
 
Phone as a phone: 
Awesome loud speaker phone. From the couple of calls I made, other party can hear me well. 
I was in a 2 hour audio conference, speakerphone worked brilliantly. 
Ear piece is good (didn't test much, only one call). 
Network Signal reception: I am using only SIM1, with Idea network. I think the signal is very weak compared to my older Nokia. 
Good display. 
Wifi Signal Reception: yet to test. my router is a monster and I sit next to it. So will need to do some work to test this. 
 
Phone for music: Will update after some testing. I have good headphones to test this. 
 
Phone build: Feels good. Will update after few weeks. 
 
Camera: Both front and back are hopeless. I think my camera on old Nokia was as good as this 5MP one. I am not talking about lack of MP, but actual quality. Okay for me, as I use camera only for taking notes or stuff like that. Removing one star for this. 
 
PRICE: Best Buy, Best Buy, Best Buy. I've been researching phones for the last 3-6 months. And this is the best deal ever. 
 
Overall:Stop Reading n go BUY!!.I have always been an admirer of Motorola products and have to say their reentry in the India has been a revelation. I had been waiting for the launch of the phone for weeks and managed to get my order through on the launch day itself and was I pleased. 
 
I will not discuss the specification and features as they have been covered in full detail by the other reviewers. It's been more than three weeks since using it and I am still in awe of it. The best thing about the phone is it's display. The touch screen is swift and smooth and UI is minimalist. In this price range it has no competition as the screen is bright and with the pixel density this high you can even read the pdf books without zooming in. Watching video is also a fantastic experience. 
 
The phone is tough with gorilla glass and I don't even feel the need of using a screen guard and diminish it looks. By looks and handling the phone is a thing of beauty. I am not a heavy camera user and m totally satisfied by its quality. The video recording feature is nice too and one of the coolest feature of the phone is slow motion recording. I did record some fun videos! 
 
On the software front they have not loaded the phone with unwanted crap like samsung, lg or micromax. The majority of memory (13 GB) is available to the apps of your choice rather than the pre-installed custom apps. Battery lasts long enough and the battery saving features are also nice. 
 
Now kitkat update is also available which allows you to runt Android Run Time which is going to be the foundation of the next android versions and is far more efficient. Seriously every other high end phone (Xperia Z, HTC One, S4, Note) are still far from receiving the update 
 
As usual flipkart delivery was bang on time even in such rush and I am very pleased to avail credits on clothing and ebooks also. 
 
My verdict is that this phone is going to be best phone under 20-22k for a long time until motorola decide to launch moto x at such rate :) 
 
So my advice : Order soon!!Truly Exceptional Phone at Exceptional Price...Moto is back with a bang.Wooh !! Absolutely amazing phone, packed with latest hardware and runs on updated OS 
with an affordable price. 
If Samsung, Sony, ever built a phone with a hardware like this, then definitely they must have charged heavily upto 25k. 
 
Tips: 
1) Charge the Mobile 24 hrs after unboxing it first time. 
 
2)Before you go for the kitkat update make sure that all ur mobile features work perfectly incase of any problems u can ask for replacement. 
 
3) to get screen shot press low volume key along with power key 
 
4) For Kitkat version OTG will work but you have to buy Rs. 212 app - Nexus Media Importer 
 
 DISPLAY : You won't get a display of this quality for this price. It is simply stunning. 
This phone has a 4.5 inch display with 720 x 1280 pixels (~326 ppi pixel density). I have compared this display with a Nexus 5 and to my wonder this 720p display felt more rich and true than the 1080p display of a 33k phone. 
 
PROCESSOR : 1.2 Ghz quad core Snapdragon 400 processor is immensely powerful. The device will feel butter smooth at all times and processing power won't bother you at any point of time. 
 
CORNING GORILLA GLASS 3 : No other phone in this price bracket comes with gorilla glass. It is scratch and shatter proof (as claimed). So you can say a premium feature in a premium phone is there in Moto G which gives you peace of mind while using it. 
 
NANO COATING : Yes your phone is waterproof though it is told as spill resistant. This is something you can't even see in a 33k Nexus 5. So you get more than what you pay. 
 
ANDROID 4.4 : You get a Kitkat version of android for this price bracket. The experience is flawless. 
 
BATTERY : The battery backup is really a strong point of this phone, when compared with any other phone of this range or any other range. I do remember Samsung grand battery was draining like anything and it can't manage to stay up till noon with extensive usage. 
 
In short this is an Truly exceptional phone of 2014. 
 
Apps gets loaded very fast, net surfing, Youtube videos, games plays excellently well, touch screen response is great, call quality is decent, battery life is good. It has good support for email and office applications. More I use it more I become addicted to it. 
 
Its one of few mobiles in market where company has engineered right features product at right value. All credit goes to Google. Go for it Value for money. Totally worth it.Forget the other options and just go Moto!.Most people wanting to buy this phone will have probably heard that it's the best budget handset and while that's true, this phone is more than that. Motorola is one of the few or in fact the only manufacturer that appreciates that tampering with stock Android only spoils the user experience. So you won't find a hyped up, poorly designed UI like TouchWiz on Samsung devices on this phone. This phone runs almost stock Android with a few Motorola improvements that actually add value rather than coming off as gimmicky features. 
 
First and foremost, the typical Indian prospective buyer will have done a lot of research and narrowed down his choices to a handful of phones in this price range and I can say with conviction that the Moto G will be better than everyone of them. Specs don't matter a lot but the Indian smartphone enthusiast is very swayed by numbers and that's what manufacturers like Micromax are notorious for advertising. No wonder they manage to sell phones that don't even run the latest version of Android. Please stay away from Micromax because they use substandard internals from lesser known companies and so the buyer is just left wondering in the end why Android lags so much on his 1.5 GHz Quad Core phone with 2 GB RAM and then blames the OS for it. Such manufacturers make Android look bad and Motorola is out to right that wrong. 
 
I've owned this phone for over a month now and I upgraded to it from my beloved Galaxy Nexus (a Nexus smartphone, mind you). Even at this point I have no regrets that I didn't pick up another Nexus smartphone. This phone is pretty much the complete package. It runs stock Android, has excellent battery life (almost Galaxy Note 2 level battery life) providing over 5 and a half hours of screen on time on a single charge, it is dual SIM, has a very very loud speaker that produces great quality sound and of course has a gorgeous display! The display is IPS LCD and so gets much brighter and produces quite natural colours. It's hands down the best display you'll see on a smartphone in this price range. The camera is the only Achilles' heel of this phone but mind you it's still pretty good and takes some great photos in good lighting conditions. Gaming fans can read other reviews since I personally don't play heavy games on my phone but casual, light games like QuizUp run without a hitch. 
 
Also the dual SIM functionality is crucial to many potential buyers as it was for me because I didn't want to carry two phones around, one personal and another for work. I'm pleased to say that the dual SIM implementation on the Moto G is simply perfect! It feels like it's baked into Android, it's that good! No SIM is ever on standby like many dumb phones and you can see and monitor data usage per SIM. You can also name each SIM card in the settings, assign them colours and so on. On making a call you are prompted to choose a SIM and you can set a particular SIM as default for some contacts. There's also a smart feature that you can enable that learns which SIM you often choose while calling a particular person and it just picks that SIM automatically instead of you having to choose. 
 
Very often it's the little things that make you happy and there are quite a few of those with the Moto G! You get an offer of 50 GB of free Google Drive space for 2 years! Then there's Motorola Migrate which happens to be the feature that made me feel instantly satisfied with the phone. Motorola Migrate is an app that helps you migrate all you contacts, photos, videos and music from your old smartphone (Android or iPhone) to your new Motorola phone. And I just can't express how delighted I was to find that my worries of having to manually migrate all my stuff from my old phone to the new one were pointless! Then if you're a fan of Android looking to have the latest and greatest of the OS i.e. KitKat 4,4,2 but can't shell out the money for a Nexus then the Moto G is you're only option right now and it runs KitKat like a boss! And finally if you, like me, have an OCD for app design then you'll be pleased to know that all of Motorola's apps adhere to the latest Android design guidelines and don't look like they're stuck in the Gingerbread era like all of Samsung's apps. 
 
All in all this has been a great purchase for me and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who wants to buy a great phone or a great first Android phone! If you want no regrets after making a smartphone purchase then go Moto!Moto G Review for a average indian.Well I bought 16 GB Moto G for my mother as a gift, the touch is very good and so is display , it has an internal storage of 12gb where you can load apps(yes in whole 12 gb) as well as it is used for other storage as well unlike other brands where there are two different storage: internal and phone storage. 
The sound output is satisfactory only not as good as high end mobiles. There are few bugs in the device working, but day to day working do not encounter them or rarely. battery back up is good giving a full day on full charge and does not require charge for 24 hours for an average person who plays little game, does browsing watch you tube videos on wifi for a while and has other stuff to do as well then sticking just to mobile phone. As for the processing power packed, it is yet smoothly working no lags yet, good with mid end games like temple run subway surfer similar kind of apps, i have not tried but heard that it lags if high end power hungry games are installed. you can get body covers and screen guard for this easily in market and i would suggest a back cover like silicon cover etc which protects the camera glass from getting scratched. 
All in all it is worth for its price till yet.... value for money device if your budget is upto 8,000 - 18,000 INR and looking for a phone which may last upto 2-3 years. with android phones if you expect a 5 years life then i may have to update you that a touchscreen devices remains good and active for regular use for not more than 2-3 years after which they tend to start giving problems as there is too much dust in india and indians use is a bit rough.packing high-end smartphone features,exceptionally priced.I've got my Moto G on 28 Feb from Flipkart. This is my first Android phone and also my first electronic product bought from an online store. My Moto G comes with Kitkat update. Phone is very well built with corning gorilla glass screen. I've also bought Amzer case for my phone which fits nicely. regarding camera, i never use phone camera, I love my DSLR :). My old Nokia USB data cable works gr8 with this phone :p 
 
*****For users who faced SIM related issues with Moto G 
 
*When i insert my BSNL sim (micro cut), it worked fine but when i use my Airtel sim i've faced network lost problems or &quot;sim not detected&quot; problems. After doing some research online i've found that, Moto G wont accept &quot;badly cut&quot; SIMs or &quot;old Sims&quot;. I've replaced my sim from Airtel store with new sim and carefully cut the sim myself (using a sim size template). Moto g detected the new sim without problems. Till now no network issues reported. So always use &quot;properly cut SIM's, New or original Micro Sim with Moto G. 
******************************* 
 Thanks Motorola &amp; Flipkart :)A BIG THANKS TO MOTOROLA!!!!.i'm using motorola moto g 16 gb variant for last two days.and i would like to describe my opinion about this phone by following segments.. 
 
1.screen-the gorilla glass is just fantastic it looks reals gorgeous..itz BLACK BEAUTY.touch response is very quick. auto brightness sensor works really well.the screen quality gives me the feeling like m using a 30-40k phone.though is has a 720p display bt it easily play 1080p videos.the viewing angles are also very good. 
 
2.camera-i have a xperia m handset and i've compared picture quality of moto g with xperia m and i found that though both of this device has 5 m.p camera moto g's pic quality is way better than xperia m.and i have the same experience with the video recording too. 
 
3.built quality-the built quality is great.u can easily operate by one hand.moto didnt use cheap like samsung.nano-coating on the back side is very good. it may not the lightest and slimst phone in the market but i can assure u that u will have a premium feeling by holding dis phone. 
 
4.battery-it takes a little long time to full charge bt i thing i noticed the phone doesnt heated up while charging.if u r a heavy user dn battery will last a day and if u r nt dn battery will 2 days. 
 
5.audio-the audio quality is also very good.speaker is very loud.music lovers wont be disappointed. before buying dis phone i heard rumors that headset provided with is very bad in quality, though the built quality of dis headset looks really cheap but when it comes to music the quality is pretty good.again if i compare it with my xperia m dn i would say moto g's audio quality is better than xperia m. 
 
overall if you buy dis phone u will not feel cheated.every penny worth it. dont hesitate.go for it and enjoy.Great product , Great quality.Wow!!! 
That's the only word I came to mind when I got this wonderful piece in my hand.first of all thanks to flipkart for their service it take some time but they delivery as per time given. 
coming to the product its excellent ,this phone is really superb . I researched a lot about it bcoz i want value for my money so last i will choose 16 gigabyte one 
In the box: 
Moto G mobile with screen protection 
Wall charger 
Wired headset 
Quick start guides in Hindi and English 
Warranty card 
 
coming to pros 
1)Processor capable of handling anything thrown at it. Simply no lag 
2) 16gb inbuilt memory almost 12gb usable and data transfer amazingly fast 
3)Sound quality awesome through speakers its pretty loud and clear, through earpiece for calls its clear 
4)OTG supported just plug you pendrive and it should be in fat32 format not ntfs 
5)Dual sim works like a char, no issues 
6)And the main part is battery it last day with 3 hours of internet usage and couple of videos and 2 hours of music and 30 to 40 minutes of calls 
7)Memory, open any num of apps without any issues 
8)Display 720p with 326 ppi amazing to watch anything 
9)Can play 1080p videos just like that without any lag or glitch 
10)Capable of playing all the android games available in the market 
11)Comes with android 4.4.2 kitkat update 
12)Gorilla Screen 3 - no comments 
 
cons 
CONS :: 
 
01) Quality of pictures and video very poor 
02) Earphones are below standard 
03) Simply can't find any other issues 
 
Go if you low budget and want a great feature phone if you want samsung with this feature you have to put almost 25 to 28k 
dont go to other thought just go for itThe best for the price.I was one of the buyers who purchased the Moto G on the first day of it's sale here on Flipkart. I've been using this phone as my primary phone for the past one month. My impressions - 
 
a) Screen - the screen is gorgeous to say the least. It's a 720p display with a ppi which matches the latest iPhone. Do I need to say more? Only the most expensive premium handsets like HTC One have a better display. 
 
b) Battery life - this is one of the most important factors for me. I'm easily able to get about a day's worth of battery life. This is with heavy usage. So light users will easily get around 2 days. There is one issue though - around 1% battery drop per hour has been seen when the phone is on airplane mode. This is a little more than usual. Motorola is aware of this issue. 
 
c) Design aesthetics - this phone is a bit heavy. My last smartphone was Samsung Galaxy S2 which was insanely light. As compared to that, this phone is a bit heavy. If you're going to use this continuously for a long period of time, then you would need to shift it from one hand to another (which was the case with me as I spend an insanely high amount of time on Twitter). The phone itself looks very good and has a premium touch to it. I had purchased a flip cover (red colour) as it was on 80% reduction on the first day of sale. The red back does look very sexy, I must admit! 
 
d) Software - It was running Jelly bean 4.3 initially when I got the phone. Within a week, I got the update to Kitkat 4.4.2 - the Kitkat android O/S is smooth and a pleasure to use. The best android version yet, hands down. Some apps which make use of the transparent navigation bar and notification bars are a treat to the eyes (Example - Action Launcher, Muzei, QuickPic, Talon for Twitter, EvolveSMS) 
 
e) Headphones and Charger - The international version of this phone does not come with headphones or a ccharger. You just get the phone. In the indian version on sale on flipkart, we get a headphone and a charger bundled in with the phone. However, both these are of very cheap quality and I would not recommend them one bit. The headphones are an apology in front of the high quality (noice cancelling) ones provided by Samsung. The charger also often gets heated up pretty quickly and I use another micro usb charger for my daily charging (any micro usb charger will work). 
 
f) Call quality &amp; Speaker - I'm making a special mention for the speakers on the moto g, because I feel it's important to highlight the awesomeness of the speakers. It's pretty neat, loud and will leave you pretty satisfied with the experience. I usually use speakers while watch you tube videos and ocassionally during some calls. Call quality - is very good. No issues there. 
 
All in all, I think I've invested 14k in a world class product, it's an unbelivable price for a product of this premium quality.Super Phone - Very Smartphone.Amazingly, this stands the best smartphone I bought till date. 
 
The Kitkat update is smooth and really makes all the difference. Motorola has made the best VFM (value for money) phone I guess. 
 
Interface: Amazingly smooth; very simple. Has a minimalist approach. There were some shortcomings as my earlier smartphones were Samsung and with Touchwiz interface made the life easy. 
Memory and Processor: Perfect fit. I was seriously worried as Samsung Grand was offering 1.5GB RAM. But again, it was loaded with all the unnecessary Touchwiz stuff. So, probably needed more RAM. 
Camera: Again a minimalistic approach. But the picture quality is good. When using the flash, the colors may look little odd sometimes. 
Battery: Now I recharge the battery only Once a day compared to twice with my earlier mobile phones. My usage is more of phone calls, SMSs and Whatsapp and Four active email boxes. 
GPS and Google Maps Navigation are the only battery drainers. Else, it amazingly works good for a whole day. 
More on Battery: Recharging for a short time will not reset the Battery usage graphic log in the Battery Usage detail. So, a simple look at the Battery usage with '24 hours since last recharge' may not be always correct. 
 
Overall: Amazingly the Best phone I bought till date with perfect VFM. Hope this review stands good for the next 18 months; till I start looking for a new handset. :-). 
 
What I did not check: Standby time. This is the only phone I use. I cannot keep it idle in a shelf.Moto G (16 gb) Review after prolonged use.I read and saw online a lot about Moto G but I wanted to give my opinion after using it exhaustively for some time. So..I have been using Moto G (16 gb model) for more than 3 weeks now and this device delivers and up to the mark performance. I will be talking about the issues later, let me first write what I loved most about this device. 
 
1. DISPLAY: The first thing you notice when you switch on the phone is its brilliant screen. With around 329 ppi it beats the hell out of premium range of smartphones. I tried very hard to notice the pixels which infact you can on a very high brightness and looking very closley, but in normal day to day use there is no chance to distinguish any. The auto brightness works perfectly and even in bright sunlight you can see every detail on your screen. The colour reproduction is amazing and you can feel the stunning graphics while playing HD games and watching HD videos. It gives more than what you pay for in terms of screen so 5/5 for the display of moto g, its the best part of the phone. 
 
2. PERFORMANCE: The second thing you want from your phone is how fast and responsive it is and Moto G again comes out as the sure shot winner. There is absolutely no lag while flipping through apps and games. I played Asphalt 8-airborne on high settings and the performance was amazing. It runs normal applications like butter (that was the aim of project butter offcourse :D ). With android KitKat 4.4.2 the phone runs smoothly after longer use also. The switching on/off is fast and there is nice motorola animation to greet you after time you turn it on :D. This budget phone delivers performance in comparison to above 20K phones. 
 
3. BATTERY: It promises us a day long battery with mixed use but it falls little short of it. I managed to get around 15 hours with mixed use. But if you are cautiously using your phone you can get more than a days power. Even when both sim cards are active there is not much noticeable difference in discharge rate. So I am happy with the battery life as I don't do much gaming and all. 
 
4. BUILD: The build is the 3rd best thing I liked about the phone. It has a very premium and non plastic feel. The weight is perfect enough to give you a sturdy feel and the phone does not twist while applying good amount of force. The design fits perfectly and makes the one hand use easier, while the back cover assures that its not going to slip out of your hand. Thumbs up moto g :D. 
 
5. GORILLA GLASS 3: Just one thing about the glass. After constant daily (rough) use there is not a single scratch in the glass surface. I am not using any screen guard and I don't think I need any. 5/5 for the glass panel. 
 
Things which I didn't like about Moto G 
1. The call quality was not upto the mark. There is treble in the sound (may be problem with my device only). The problem happens normally at the high volume. 
 
2. I lost the phone sound once in 2 weeks. I could not hear what the other person was talking. I restarted the phone and problem was solved. 
 
3. Camera was not responding once. Restart solved the issue. 
 
4. There is a warm hue in the screen, this is noticeable only when there is a white background. Overall it does not affect the screen quality. 
 
5. There is thin gap between the edge of the glass and the frame, so with constant use, dust accumulates in that gap which is hard to clean. 
 
6. Low light pictures are not good, but in good lighting condition it takes very pretty pictures. 
 
Overall Moto G is the best device out there in terms of performance and price. Its an amazing phone and I am sure that you will not be disappointed once you start using it. If you are planning to buy anything within 25K our 14K Moto G is the BEST. Go for it Android Lovers :DAmazing Phone.This is the best Android Phone @ an exceptional Price. 
 
Call Quality: The Call Quality is great. I would rate it 9/10. Only issue i can say that there is some noise emitted occasionally when speaker phone is turned on. Great Signal Capture and Dual Sim Functionality makes this device the standout from others. I would advise others that before upgrading to Kitkat kindly check reviews of other people since there was a drop in Call Quality after upgrading to Kitkat in the international version. 
 
Display: The 4.6 inch display is one of the best i have seen so far in a smartphone. It is same as or even better than Nexus or Galaxy S4. Watching videos and surfing is like icing on the Cake. The touch is butter smooth. 
 
Sound: The sound from the Loud Speaker is amazing. Its very loud and you will get a feel of groove when you listen to music. I would suggest to purchase Poweramp Media Player from Play Store. Its the best one out there. 
 
Storage: Kindly purchase the 16 gb version if you will store a lot of videos, music files and downloading latest games since the total available space is 12.98 GB. 
 
Processor and Memory: The phone is exceptionally fast and it plays the latest games without lag. 
 
Battery: The battery life is exceptionally good. For Low to Medium Usage it will last for more than a day. 
 
Camera: The camera is average and it takes decent quality pictures. It requires some tweaking and Day Light photos come really good. 
 
OS: The phone comes with nearly stock android 4.3 Jelly Bean and can be upgraded to 4.4 Kitkat soon. Before upgrading i would advise other users to check for any issues regarding the call Quality. 
 
Some Useful Tips: 
 
1] Even if the Screen Comes with Gorilla Glass, i would suggest to purchase the Moto G Flip Cover and put a good quality screen guard on the phone. 
 
Download and Install the following apps to make your experience even better: Mx Player, Power Amp, Droid Light, Motorola Notification Light to fix LED Notification issue. Adobe Reader,Clean Master and Swift Key Keyboard. 
 
Cons: The Box does not contain USB Cable but you can use any Samsung or Nokia Data Cable which will hardly cost few Rs. Also the In ear headphones aren't good. You can use them to turn on the Radio. 
 
With some minor Cons and with exceptionally gr8 features at this price point , this phone is the best Android Smartphone in the market. 
 
Also Kudos to Flipkart for excellent delivery and supportsBest budget.. read 'dream' phone !.Moto G... Woww !!! Welcome back Mr.Moto. 
 
For all those people who are mighty frustrated with local companies re branding cheap Chinese handsets and pushing them hard month after month into Indian market, this one is for you. Would be happy to see such brands sink deep down in the Indian Ocean if they can't make something at-least half as great as this budget beast! 
 
- Pure google experience ! 1/3 rd of what currently nexus 5 is trading for. 
- Availability of 4.4.2 Kitkat. Super fluid experience. 
- Dual sim support. 
- Superb built quality for the price. Water resistant coating is always nice to have. 
- Corning Gorilla Glass 3. I mean.. again... wow!!! 
- Excellent display, that too with no IPS/ AMOLED tech! 720p is actually what you need for a screen size of 4.5 inches. A Micromax/ Lava with full HD does looks nice on paper but try using it on that actually cheap MediaTek processor and you'll start getting the fact that it was not meant to be, and then it will heat up insanely if you try playing some high res games... What's the point of stretching your retina's limits if that ain't gonna be seen anyways... :P 
- 1gb ram although seems less on paper, but with no bloatware and a capable Snapdragon processor still comes out with a lag free performance. 
- 2000+ mAH battery easily lasts through the day. 
- 16 gb variant should be the one you opt for. 
- Not to forget .. the packaging is super cute... how did Motorola fit in so much in that little box ... :) 
 
Hope Motorola before handing over to Lenovo comes out with a SD card + 2GB ram version and slightly better optics for say 2-3k more. That just might be the final nail in the coffin. 
 
Till then enjoy with the best Google + Motorola came out with.Great product, Highly recommended, Quick delivery - in just 2 days.Hi, my company just shifted from CDMA to GSM, and I placed my order for the Moto-G 16GB variant on 22nd by credit card and received the product on 24th morning in a sturdy packaging. 
 
A slight disappointment when i opened the case and couldn't find a data cable inside. Later realized that i may not need it in the first place, and the existing micro usb cable would suffice. I had to get the sim card 25x15 mm cut into micro sim 15x12 mm at a local vendor for Rs.20, and inserted in the sim-1 slot. The phone picked up all 3G settings automatically. 
 
The Moto-G has a software called Motorola Migrate. I downloaded this on my old CDMA android 2.2 as well from play store. On playing the software on both phones it generated a QR code on MG(Moto-G) and asked the old phone camera to scan this code. The old phone did a somersault and worked overtime to scan the basic code. Once the code was read, the software asked me to keep the two phones aside for some time. After 15 minutes there was a message on the phones scolding why the software was still open. I realized that all my phone contacts, text sms, audio files, video files, photographs, pdf files, epubs, whatsapp media files, and all that can be were transferred to MG. Half the battle was already won. Just this much was enough for another colleague to immediately order a 16GB variant from flipkart. 
 
Next came the camera. The primary takes decent snaps. My main usage of the camera is to take random snaps, capture visiting card details and store in phonebook, save scribbled notes and whiteboard notes into pdf and email. Just try out camcard &amp; camscanner softwares on the MG, it'll just blow your mind. The secondary camera is great as well. My priority was to transmit a decent picture over skype, not send my photograph for a modelling assignment. 
 
Do you really feel the user available 13GB is insufficient for mobile use? I admit that additional space is good, for instance I once consumed the entire 16GB internal as well as 32GB external on my galaxy tab, but that was a different story altogether. I will not like to read books for hours or watch 3 hour movies on a 4.5 inch screen. All I would do is load the memory with a hundred apps and games. So I did just that and after loading whatsapp, camcard, facebook, mxplayer, flashlight, indianrail, adobe, bookmyshow, twitter, skype, messenger, qrdroid, utorrent, camscanner, filemanager, timesofindia, templerun2, subwaysurfer, carrom3d, minionrush, hillclimb, 360security and racingmoto I got a little tired. Still waiting for the phone to start bugging me with lags, hangs and jerks, but no luck. So I downloaded the Kitkat update, but didn&rsquo;t install it as yet(who knows? I still fear the reviews I read earlier). Finally I downloaded &ldquo;ASPHALT 8&rdquo;. This is the mother of all memory eaters, consumed 1.61 GB space on the phone, took 6 hours to download over an EVDO internet connection, and was my last shot at rejecting the MG. Sad luck, after annihilating 8GB space by migrating &amp; downloading stuff, the mother memory eater(MME) Asphalt 8 played as smooth as butter. This I totally did not expect from this piece and it made me awestruck. I finally bowed out of skepticism and placed the MG in its rightful place as a high end phone with low end price tag. 
 
Okay, for people shifting away from Samsung for whatever reasons, there could be a minor issue which could be resolved by practice. The stock email client is not Microsoft activesync, but another one similar to gmail app, which will need some getting used to. Also, couldn&rsquo;t find a pre-installed file manager, so downloaded one &ndash; no big deal actually. The earphones are really bad, no doubt about it at all, so just junk them. 
 
Wifi works brilliantly and so do Mobile hotspot &amp; Bluetooth. 
 
Battery backup &ndash; the greatest decision drivers of all time. Let me give you a contrast of usage and battery backup. Case-1, use of Wifi/3G internet continuously, downloading apps, screen medium bright, email clients and social networks continuously interacting on the web, battery lasted 9 hours. Case-2, data connection closed, screen brightness medium, phone on standby mode, battery status dropped 1% after 1 hour. Although this is not a great battery review, gave me a fair idea that the phone will last atleast a day on normal usage. Just use battery saver inbuilt function to stop useless background processes. 
Installed the downloaded kitkat update after a couple of days, the phonebook has just come alive. Guys do not fear the update, it's pretty decent. And for the sceptical ones, downloaded another memory eater &quot;Iron Man 3&quot;, and the games still play smooth as butter. 
 
Speed comparisons can be checked on youtube. Also, component benchmark test results can be viewed on fonearena. 
 
In case of a dilemma between Moto-G and Samsung Galaxy Grand Quattro or Micromax Canvas 4, choose the Moto-G blindly.just what u should know.this is a product that will simply blow your mind. 
some specific pros and cons- 
pros 
- full hd screen (720 p) 
- a good battry 
- the best procesor for this price range (Quad Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400) 
- built quality is just aswm 
 
cons 
-limited storage (but with usb OTG ,it is not that big issue) 
-just a decent camera 
-no nfc (not that common in this price range) 
-ram sizze could be better (like 2 gb) 
 
bottom line 
it is a very good or rather the best option in this price bracket, and u just cant find a better phone then this 
if some one is still not satisfied with it, could look at htc desire 501 or lumia 600 series 
they fall in nearly the same price range n are next to moto to 
---havent yet got my moto g 
will be coming in by 19th....Exceptional phone at unbelievable value.Ok, to begin with, this is my 2nd Moto G. The first one had a hardware issue, the charger pin wasn't getting locked in the phone, it would keep slipping off. Flipkart offered me a refund, but I requested a replacement as I was over the moon with this phone. 
 
With what you pay, you get a phone that'll blow away the competition. I can proudly say that I influenced atleast 4 of my friends to buy the Moto G and everyone is beaming. 
 
The build, the Software, the display every damn thing reeks of quality and I've always been a Moto Fanboy (3rd Moto phone). 
 
Cons: 
- Camera during Indoor/low light shots is a big letdown. 
- Phone build is super, but still it feels slippery. A sturdy case, I think, is a must. 
- The sound quality for audio is just average. I tinkered around the equalizer settings too, but still wasn't quite happy. 
 
Pros: 
- Well, everything apart from the Cons is definitely a Pro. 
 
Special mention: Flipkart's exemplary Delivery and Returns serviceREAD THIS BEFORE YOU BUY!!.For those who are considering buying this phone, please keep in mind that this mobile (8GB Version, don't know about the 16GB model) doesn't come with a data cable. The charger has micro-USB at one end and the other end is a 2-pin plug - no USB here. If you already have a USB cable that connects to mobiles like I do this shouldn't be a problem. One would have expected a USB charger cable with the charger plug though - dont most of the smart phone today have that? 
 
That said, the mobile is a steal at the price it's being offered at. You can actually connect external storage like pen drives through a USB to micro-USB converter and use it an external storage just like you would on a desktop / laptop - cool, huh? The Corning Gorilla glass that is there on Moto G is something that's seen only on premium mobiles - isn't that awesome?! Runs on Android KitKat - that's the latest from the Android Stable (even though it doesnt ship with it, the OS is downloaded once you fire it up). I noticed some problems while using Chrome on KitKat - the touch recognition on the address bar is sloppy, almost always I need to try a few times before I'm able to 'refresh' a page or type a new URL. I downloaded Firefox and the experience has been much better with that, so I prefer to use Firefox over the stock browser, Chrome. 
Battery life is good and lasts for 2-3 days of intense usage, though I have not yet used it with any sim. Most of the usage now involves internet browsing via wi-fi and gaming. Tried a few games, the graphics rendering is amazing - though I noticed some heating of the back panel after prolonged gaming for somewhere around an hour. 
 
3 stars from me because FK guys wont let me post my previous review. Hope this gets through this time.A winner for sure!!.Reserved this phone on 08 Feb 14 and was informed about a delivery time ranging between 10 and 20 days, however received the phone on 14 Feb 14. Gud show Flipkart. 
 
The pictures of the phone posted online don't do justice to the phone. It is a rugged premium looking phone which just oozes quality. Many samsung phones boast the specifications but don't measure up in terms of performance, this phone walks the talk all the way. I loaded the phone with 14 apps simultaneously and tried queuing more than 200 songs for transfer via bluetooth and motorola migrate for transfer of contacts from my old Iphone 3GS. Moto G didnt blink. It even staggered the transfer of contacts and the songs efficiently and the apps never displayed any lag. 
 
The camera has been a sore point for many people but let me clarify, the daylight photos are very good and so is the HD video capture. Photos in low light are pretty much average but that is the case with even dedicated digital cameras. The front camera serves its purpose and frankly at this price, thats more than what one should expect. Finding faults with the camera is nothing but nitpicking and a banal attempt at projecting oneself as a connoisseur of technology. 
 
The battery lasted an entire day and a half if used the way a normal person would use a phone on a day to day basis. The usage I mention involves, 4 hours(approx) of 3G usage, 2 hrs of games like temple run 2 and Asphalt 8, an hours worth of document editing and normal call usage of about 2 hours. 
 
Buy the phone, no doubts about this sure shot winner.Disappointed with the Received Product.Got this phone 20 days back after a long waiting period. It was working fine for 2 weeks then started to show hardware and performance issues. The Camera was failing many times with the error message &ldquo;Camera Error&rdquo; and to get back had to perform phone restart. When loading the app deck some of the screens went blank, this was resolved when freeing up RAM Space. Some of the pictures taken/stored in the gallery were showing bright yellow pixels (only on high white bright areas) which on zoom will disappear. The same pictures are working without any issues in the other Moto G phones. 
 
On raising the issues with flipkart, got the product replaced in a week. But have lost my money which I have already invested on the previous device. 
 
I am again getting performance and battery issues on the replaced item. The phone is getting overheated on playing of music or data Usage. The Main Issue now which I am facing is sometimes the call facility in the phone gets interrupted. I am not able to make/receive calls. The only solution for this I need a phone restart to get the calls back. This is really disturbing. Now what is the real purpose of phone if it doesn&rsquo;t have call facility! I have also noticed that battery life is getting short after seeing this overheating issue. The Touch-screen is not responding sometimes and requires a phone restart to get back. 
 
After a short investigation I came to know that I was not the only person who face the issues with Moto G, there are many. FlipKart, being only agency selling Moto G in Indian Market, have to be more diligent while selling the product to its customers.Worst after sales service of this product..This review is about the after sales service and not about the product itself. 
As you should consider the service factor also if something goes wrong 
 
I bought a Moto g 16 gb black version on 23/02/2014 from flipkart. 
 
On 27/04/2014 the phone started restarting continously so I went to Motorola India support website. found the list of authorised service centers and on 28/04/2014 I submitted the phone at Service center in Vashi, Navi Mumbai. 
 
Mobile Point 
Shop no - G-115, ground floor, Nano wing, 
Haware's Fantasia business park, behind In-orbit mall, 
Near Vashi railway station. 
Tel: 9773655793 / 27816667 
Email ID: mobilepointvashi.care@gmail.com 
 
Today on 02/05/2014 when I called the service center they said motorola has a server problem and the mobile can be repaired only after 15th may 2014. 
Then I had an online chat about the said issue on motorola india suport website, thay gave me another number of Mr. Ashish Patil - ashish.patil@redington.co.in Contact - 
9324395043. I called on the no. but the person is not answering the call. 
Then I called Motorola India helpline no 1-800-102-2344 but they are saying the said service center is now unlisted but it is still showing in their authorised service center list on the website. 
 
My mobile is in their service center from last one week and now they are asking for two more weeks just to start working on the problem. 
It has been two months that I have bought this mobile Moto g and it has given problems in such short duration. 
Firstly i was sold me a faulty product and now am not getting any after salse service. 
 
Please consider buying these products as if you receive a faulty product they have absolutely pathetic after sales service.All Hype, No Play.Is it misleading advertising and false promise on part of Flipkart and Motorola? 
 
Flipkart publishes a full page Ad in leading newspaper, and before it reaches the readers the stock for 16GB version is sold out? With all there sophisticated insight tools couldn't flipkart gauge the demand for the 16GB phones couldn't they wait to have full stock and then have a go, or all this Hype is an attempt towards price rigging? 
 
What is the marketing strategy of Motorola in this, they want to enter back in a lucrative market, they create the buzz, have a ready market, a proven product, a good opportunity to gain substantial ground with thier first launch and they defer on delivery! Is Motorola looking to thrive only on Buzz (creating product shortage and looking to make it more desirable) or creating their space with better product and customer service. 
 
This is surely a case of monopolistic business practice, false promise and misleading advertising (conditions apply). I feel this a big let down on part of Motorola and FlipkartMoto G with a lot of BUG..1. Go to mobile network, there is a check-box named use 2G for battery saving. this check-box is by default check. if u unchecked it in order to use 3G, it will automatically become checked. I have seen this bug in 5 out of 5 moto g. you have to do factory data reset in order to use 3G or change to it higher version KITKAT. 
 
2. Whenever i pressed the end call button it automatically reduce the volume of Music,video,games and other media. first column of settings&gt;volumes&gt;music. 
this problem still remain even change it's version to kitkat and reset data. 
3. Headphone jack point is not working. even headphone is working on other phone. 
4. Don't able to see AM, PM in time after updating to Kitkat. upper most corner near battery symbol. 
5. If you Clear all photo and video (which was taken from your moto g) but have video in downloads. U will see a Toast (alert) no video and photos found. but if u click on slide menu icon button u will see video and photos. 
6. Headphone quality is bad.Not satisfied.I received my Moto G today but the first thing I want to mention here is...when I took the phone box out of the packing the SEAL WAS TAMPERED and it was already opened which is a big shame because i trusted flipkart and I did a lots of shopping from flipkart...but this was not expected...now people like us who are paying full amount for a new phone then it should be a new phone which is now a mystery for me. 
 
Second thing is I have not received any bill for this phone...how am I going to get the benefits of manufacturer warranty without the bill ?????? 
 
third I did noticed some glitches in the performance of the phone so now i am worried if its a defected piece shipped to me because I have been using Android phones for more than 3 years and I have Galaxy note 2 and S4 
the problem was I copied some application files (.apk) from my computer to the phone and when i tried to install them the file manager was missing which may be some thing in the kitkat so i installed ES file explorer and when tried to install the application from the folder i copied in the phone it failed to install application and gave error 409 so i Rebooted the phone and tried to open the folder in which i copied the files and it was empty however in the storage the used space is still same it hasn't decreased so that means the files were there in the phone somewhere 
 
so I connected the phone with computer again opened the folder and all the application were there now how to install them as i am not able to see them in the phone 
 
so trasferred individual files through bluetooth and opened them at the time of completion to install them 
 
I checked the bluetooth folder received files were there but after reboot bluetooth folder was also not showing any file in it now i used number of file explorers but still same issue then i gave up and decided to inform flipkart about it so I am writing this review 
 
I will use the phone for few more days and if I face any issue I will request Flipkart to replace thisThe Best phone.I never wanted to spend more than 15K for an andriod phone, and the samsung ones had so much junk installed, it ruined the phone performance. 
this is pure android so the performance is really great, good signal reception and dual sim 
 
Awesome price, Awesome performance, and Awesome delivery by flipkartDon&rsquo;t worry about unexpansive memory in Moto G.Use OTG or USB &lsquo;On The Go&rsquo; connector to connect your Moto G with USB drives and SD card readers to expand your Moto G memory. You can buy an OTG cable from Flipkart for around Rs.150/- only in this link 
 
http://www.flipkart.com/search?q=usb+otg+cable&amp;as=off&amp;as-show=on&amp;otracker=start?affid=netizen4a 
 
Having OTG support on Moto G is great, as it has no SD card slot and limited on-board storage. In this case a USB thumb drive can be connected to your Moto G (via a special OTG cable) allowing you to browse the thumb drive and move files to and from your phone (you may also need to download file manager app). In addition to thumb drives you can also connect to SD card readers, cameras, and even external hard-drives. 
Moving files and adding storage aren&rsquo;t the only way OTG can be used, you can even connect a mouse or keyboard to your device allowing you to be more productive on the go.Awesome Product.This is not review of the product. For reviews, we can always trust on experts' reviews on tech websites (and experts have rated this device excellent). The 5 star is for my liking of the phone. 
 
And finally a request to all those people who are rating 1-star for FK service. Guys, you are simply reducing the average rating of this smartphone by doing so, it doesn't affect flipkart's service. If you really want to share your unhappy experiences, write about it, but not with a 1-star rating to the smartphone. 
 
And then come back to write a review after owning the phone. That will give a true picture for other future customers.All day battery might not be true.I've read reviews about Moto G on various tech-blogs like Anandtech, Engadget etc., and found that results of battery performance came out good for the SINGLE SIM version that is being sold in the US. 
 
This might not be the same for the dual SIM version that is being sold on Flipkart and India. When you intend to use two SIM cards the battery performance will be affected substantially. If US version scores 24 hours with Single SIM then Dual Sim Version will be little more than 16 hours (only 70% of original US version at best conditions) (considering you will have 2G/3G enabled on one SIM at minimum). 
 
Note that specs of both US and Indian version remain the same except for the Dual SIM version. No change in battery or processor etc. 
 
I will advise potential buyers to wait for reviews from tech bloggers and then decide about buying this. This is applicable for me as well. I would have bought this in snap if they'd sold theBroken Glass Repair Issue.Currently, At this Price Moto G is the best phone to buy. Camara quality is good compare to other equivalent phones. Battery is not that good enough. But, Still you can spend a day with fully charged battery. 
 
But, When Service comes into picture, You will think twice before purchasing Motorola Products. One of my friend has bought Moto G last month. Somehow he dropped his mobile &amp; he damaged his screen glass. Now, Authorized service center &amp; customer care are telling that this do not come under warranty. (This is obvious). They are telling that chargeable repair is still not started in india. You have to wait for a month or so (How can he wait for a month without a mobile!!!!) Screen glass is not easily available in market. Since a month, This phone has become headache for him without service. 
 
Motorola should improve on service. Otherwise, This is good phone to buy.best phone at this pricepoint.booked on 24th got it on 27 feb ( i stay in bangalore ). 
Awesome phone . 
The piece I got is from new batch ( manufactured on 17 feb , got this info from phone recovery screen under barcodes scection ), The phone came with android 4.4.2 right away hence i need not update it manually . More over the new batch box comes with motorola seal ie motorola tape . 
Phone is really good , display is much better than iphone ( iam a previous iphone user ). 
 
Dont come to conclusion based on 1 star reviews from non certified users , this shows competitors frustration ie samsung, micromax ect those who are affected )Beware ! the phone is buggy ...Okay.. its been exactly 2 week and I am having my worst nightmare. 
The basic purpose of having a cellphone is lost here. 
The phone's signal dropped and it went into emergency mode. I had to restart to get the network back. It first happened while I sleeping and the next time while I was playing game.The phone is just so unreliable now. 
 
Theres also lots of users reporting sudden battery drop , thankfully I am not yet hit by this problem . 
Heres the offical link to the mentioned problem : https://forums.motorola.com/posts/027c60e48f?page=1 
 
https://forums.motorola.com/posts/7a7b068df1 
 
Its been more than 3 month and motorola is still clueless on what exactly is the problem. 
What a shame ? 
This is horrible . Don't buy this cellphone until the problem is fixed. 
I wish I could get refund for my purchase, I don't want this unreliable piece of brick.Budget phone.Delivery: Flipkart said delivery will be on 12th but delivered on 11th. Good 
Package: Phone with charger(no usb cable) and ear phones 
 
Moto G vs other phones: 
Pros: Display, Sound, Speed, HD Display, LED notification, Battery 
Cons: Weight,removal of battery cover, no data cable 
 
Those who can afford to miss many features can buy this phone. 
Those who want feature rich phone opt out. 
 
Don't believe the phone is very much affordable ... google has not spent time, money and efforts for customization of Android hence is able to sell at low price. Since others spent time, money and efforts on customization of Android they sell at little higher price. 
 
So, it is upto you to decide whether you need vanilla or not! 
 
Strange is accessories(charger cable, ear phones) comes in odd white colour while the phone being black! 
 
Surprising news is Moto G 8GB version supports USB OTG supporting Pen Drive, Key Board and Mouse. But Moto G 16GB does not! I have tested this on both the phones! Both the phones have latest version of KitKat. 
 
Another surprising news is after the update network signal considerably drops and calls getting terminated. This is a known issue and Motorola India yet to release a hot fix.Waiting and lot of Waiting.Moto G- great phone...just excited to see it in my hands...and one request to flipkart that as they are sole seller of moto g, they should also make available all accessories of moto g as they are not available outside..Finally Dispatched Eagerly waiting for Moto G.I am a Galaxy Note 2 and a Nokia Lumia 520 user, and I got recommendation for this phone from some really good Google developer in Delhi as I had been looking for a dual sim phone for a very long time. I tried to order it on the 1st day itself but it was sold out. Managed to book it on 7th Feb at 11.15pm and now looks like the phone is finally dispatched. Flipkart has always kept upto service and this is probably my 6th or 7th purchase from Flipkart the recent ones being Nexus 7 tablet and a Samsung Galaxy Core device for my dad. Will keep you posted on my feedback soon.Not Dissapointed.Hello Whiners and People who did not order on time. 
Well The Moto G Launch was a much awaited thing, and I myself refreshed the page every hour since i heard the news they were opening store at 12am 6th Feb. 
 
Now people when u know how much hype the phone created, how it was buzzing everywhere, how can u not be prepared to order like on time? 
 
If you are passionate enough here coming late to the store is not a excuse lol. You can't expect fk to keep 10k phones in the inventory, of-course they had like 2-3k phones and all of them got sold out. that's a Good thing! 
 
So next time you wanna buy something like this, be ready with your cup of coffee and proper internet connection like 15mins in advance lol xD or if you are crazy enough refresh the pages every 1 hour right 12hrs before the event ;-) 
 
Cheers! and sympathies to whoever didn't get to order it :P 
 
Mine's coming on monday!No phone comes close to this one in terms of Value for money.Best features of this phone - 
1. 4.5 inch HD display (720p) 
2. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 (Scratch proof) 
3. Water repellent coating (means no finger prints on the screen) 
4. Good Battery life than most similar phones 
5. Quad core Snapdragon processor (Others mobiles in mid-segment use mediatek processor) 
6. High quality &amp; premium look - feel (almost Similar to premium phone - Moto X) 
7. Dual Sim 
8. Guaranteed Android upgrade to 4.4 - KitKat 
9. external speaker is very loud and clear 
 
Some downsides of this phone - 
1. Camera is average quality (AutoFocusing is a little problem) 
2. Earphone should had been &quot;in ear&quot; type for noise isolation 
 
But I purchased this phone because no other phone even upto Rs 20000 ever came close to all the features this phone offered. 
BEST BUY at 12.5kMoto G does not power on.I got a new MOTO G today from flipkart from Delhivery.... the experience of getting it from ekart was awesome.... Delhivery was not that cool.... 
 
Well opened it in the night and the phone simply doesn't turn on. the charging LED shows up intermittently but I haven't seen the screen yet. Anybody else facing this issue...Best phone at the price range..Motorola has done a remarkable task in bringing out this exceptional phone at this exceptional price. 
Pros: 
1. A Snapdragon chipset. Motorola didn't cut off on the SoC while lowering the budget unlike Samsung and LG who use MediaTek chipsets. And also Moto G sports a newer Snapdragon 400 quad-core CPU with an Adreno 305 GPU which is brilliant for gaming and multitasking with 1 GB of RAM. Specs doesn't matter when it comes to real life and Moto G is an example. Samsung Galaxy Grand Quattro also has an quad core CPU which is also 1.2GHz but a MediaTek chipset which clearly shows its capabilities. The Quattro doesn't support Asphalt 8 just because the processor can't handle it even though the clocking speed is similar to the Moto G. 
2. Beautiful display. Moto G has 4.5&quot; 720p LCD display. No other phone offers such a high resolution display packed with awesome specs. This display is perfect for HD content and gaming. This display is bigger than current gen iPhone 5S/5C/5 at 4&quot; and also has a high resolution with much higher ppi. iPhone doesn't even have a 720p display. Retina display is just trademark luring customers to buy it. 
3. Camera. Moto G sports a 5MP camera. 5MP may sound small but it doesn't determine the quality. The hardware is capable of HDR photos and slow motion videos. So if you think having a 8MP or higher camera is better, then you're wrong. 
4. Software. Moto G being a Google company (now sold to Lenovo) runs near stock Android. I prefer stock UI more than any other. There are a few add-ons by Motorola which I don't consider as bloatware. The device comes out of the box with Android 4.3 Jellybean with a definite update to Android 4.4 KitKat. The single SIM variant already has received the OTA to KitKat being one of the first non-Nexus device to get Android 4.4. 
5. Storage. Good thing is that the starting model comes with 8 GB internal storage. Bad thing is no SD card. Although the apps you install get loaded on the internal storage so buying a phone with SD card support but less internal storage is not logical. But SD card is necessary considering media storage. So buying the 16GB variant is a better option. 
6. Connecitvity. Bluetooth 4.0 and latest stuff is all there. No NFC though 
 
Cons: 
1. No NFC. Which is not really a bad thing because its application is currently limited and really of much use. At this price range Sony Xperia M has NFC but misses out other features which are there in the Moto G so it's not bad thing considering Motorola had to cut down something for the price you are paying. 
2. No SD card support. So going with the 16 GB variant is a better option for media storage. 
 
In short, this is the perfect device for anyone who is on a budget.A Great Deal Indeed!.I got this phone delivered by flipkart today which is less than three days from the day i placed order.. service is as great as expected from flipkart.. i am a regular buyer so i have to say flipkart's packing and products are excellent and i would trust this site anytime.. now product review.. 
i have to say Motorola is Back in business! Motorola and Google just made a perfect Budget phone.. the 720p screen is stunning.. text and pictures looks crystal clear.. overall phone's weight or size isnt big enough for a 4.5&quot; phone.. however it is big enough for most of the work and anyone can handle it perfectly... curved design lets you touch the whole screen and gives access to use it with only one hand.. 1.2 Ghz Quad-core processor is fast enough to run games and apps without any lag.. i haven't experienced any lag yet.. and its a blazing fast phone.. you will have no issues with its speed i m sure..you will get 5GB of user memory when buying an 8GB model..also in front of the phone there are no switches so when you click the lock button on the side android buttons (Back,Home,Task) comes on the bottom of the screen.. you have to remove the back cover to access sims which uses micro-sims.. camera quality is good and there is panorama and slo-mo option which both runs great for the price you are paying also the flash is fantastic.. android version provided is 4.3 but i know that kitkat will soon be available in india.. because verizon version of moto g already got the update of android 4.4.. so it is one of the first device to get this update.. i m most impressed from the Google Now service.. which works batter then Siri on my ipad.. infact unlike Siri it detects perfectly everytime... widgets,gestures and customization is great, too.. Sound quality is as good as any nokia phones.. it looks elegant with simple glass design which make it look like a perfect black glass Brick when screen is off.. i can certainly say this is way batter then buying any cheap Chinese phones.. google made this phone without compromising on things that are needed.. like it has an awesome display but only get a 5 mp camera.. if google made it the other way like its competition for example take samsung mega.. it has 8mp camera but its screen is a disgrace.. so google made a right decision on cutting the cost at the right things.. i would say this phone doesnt look cheap and worth everything you pay.. and gives you even more then you ever expect from a phone this cheap... i would say just trust the name of Google and buy it if you are going to buy any phone in less then 15K price range..Five Star for sure.. Worth My Time.. Thank you Google,Motorola and Flipkart.. 
-08.Feb.2014Best value for money, and hardly any compromises.Kudos to Flipkart for delivering My Moto G on 14 feb ,thereby saving me from a life threatening raving of my dear wife. Flipkart has set the standards on how to go about doing online shopping business. Hats off 
Now coming to not so technical but a 'Dil Se' review of the Moto G. 
If an Android himself were to pick a smartphone from the available stock today. he will surely pick Moto G... Why?????, cause my dear Watson, Moto G is the only logical choice available. People with loads of moolah can stay away from giving critical judgements about iphone 5s and likes, having drool value and bling and yada yada yada. Now for people like me, having to live a hand to mouth existence (sigh) and still cannot escape the evil lure of the technology and the desire to flaunt( whatever i can come by). It is always advisable to judiciously and meticulously weigh all pros and cons..and no points for guessing the biggest stake on the weighing scale will be the &quot; value for money&quot;, and believe me you wont regret this decision of yours like you still sulk on the option of remaining a happy bachelor forever or Jinga lala till death...enjoy the Moto...G.Great Phone Under 15k.I ordered it on 6/2/2014 (OD40206079502) ,Received it on 15/02/2014(Due to some Stock Related issues). 
i am using it for the past 5 days.. 
i am really amazed at the Overall performance of this product.. 
The Service From the Flipkart side was also good and upto the mark.. 
they assisted me until the product has been delivered.. 
Pros: 
1.Neat and Tidy Design.(it feels Good in Hand) 
2.Got Kitkat update instantly when i connected to wifi 
3.Really smooth and tidy pure UI with added Motorola services .. 
4.Dual sim 
5.Motorola Migrate was Awesome ,for Migrating from one device to another.. 
6.Battery Backup is great.. 
7.Gorrilla Glass 3 gives perfect protection ..(it fell off my hands many times and not a single scratch on screen or on back... 
8.etc ... 
plus Flipkart Launch Day offers were Too Great for one to go for it.. 
Got My 1000 rs Clothing Coupun +500 rs Ebook Coupoun ... 
i placed orders for Both... 
Waiting for the Winners of 100 Lucky Winners for the 100% Cashback offer.. 
 
Cons: 
1.Camera Was Ok...But Not upto Mark 
2.Memory Capacity is litile bit low (it varies with users concern) 
 
Overall it is Great Deal to Get these features in a 12k phone... 
Samsung ....Your Time is Up..Now it is time for some moto power 
 
HELLO MOTO :)Problems with Moto G n its awesomeness included..The phone is simply awesome, i liked everything about it so here are somethings that i couldnt know before. 
1.when u upgrade to kitkat there are lots of glitches observed(1 per day) but vanishes within a second or 2 so not a big deal for the price range n android version. 
2.video player's controls are not easy, u cant lock screen while playing video to disable touch errors only. the whole screen shuts off when u lock it. 
3.the space 5.2gb is less so go for 16gb phone. 
4.moto assist has only 2 options:sleep or meetings, if it had one more like school/work n auto silents ur phone in that time it would be great 
 
now awesome things no one told u about: 
1.the headphone jack fits into it so strongly that even if it begins to fall u can save it from touching ground if u can hold the earphones. it saved my phone from breaking twice. 
2.camera controls are amazing. 
3.brightness n clarity, sound speakers, design n build quality are great. 
 
if u are unable to afford high range phones, then this phone is best for you, everything it has is more than what you pay for so go for it!A true low cost &quot;smart&quot;phone for the masses by Google..Yes , like my title says this is a low cast , low profit smart phone by Motorola , a former Google brand ( now in hands of an already losing player in the field , Lenevo ). Well , Google is a smart player and they proved it with their strategic cost and quality of the Nexus series. Acquisition of Motorola was done to release some great feature packed , low to medium budget smart phones while the higher end devices would come from Nexus line as it was a risk in its own way to launch high end phones manufactured by their own unit already , plus Motorola was acquired mainly for their licenses , patents , etc which were a deal for the money plus it gave Google the opportunity to kick off some phones of their own. The moto g and moto x were the results. While the Moto X was just like other phones in its range , the Flagship deal , the Moto G was the real deal. Priced at $179 only for the 8GB version , it packed a Snapdragon 400 Quad Core CPU with the Adreno 305 and 1GB RAM plus other features like a clear , crisp camera , etc it coated Google , a hefty $123 , just for the parts , say another $8-15 for assembly meaning it costed $135around for the device , another $10 for charger , headphone , useless guides and packaging , therefore it came for a total of $145 meaning left we're left with 34$ excluding taxes , shipping and handling chargers , not so profitable then right ? 
Even for India , the rate is $200 , but remember , they have to ship it here , go through customs , etc right ? $21 extra is justified to me then. 
Now let's take another to manufacturer like Samsung , who probably weren't going to make such a device in the first place as it wouldnt have qualified for their 30$+ profit policy. Same for all others except some unknown names. But yeah , bitter truth is all your so called trusted but actually cheap brands like Samsung , HTC , and even Sony , etc. 
They were going to make it cost 250$ if it was to be built by them. 
So I request you guys to support Google in the case , and be assured that if you buy this amazing VFM smartphone , excpet for a meagre 5-8% , all you paid is for the device that will be in your hands. 
I for the first time have to say , I salute to Google , Motorola and Flipkart to plan ,make and bring this smartphone to the masses in India. As a tech geek , I can see a bright future for Google here if they carry on doing this. 
 
Why I got the phone - I have been using the Xperia S ( after using the iPhone 4S for 6 months in the middle ) for one and half year now and felt it was time to step up. I brought the Nexus 7 in December , so I had a low budget this time. I really felt as if I was going to end on some Micromax , Karbonn crap with those cheap MediaTek Chips. The cheapest Snapdragon 400 Android phone I could find was above 18K. But my budget was just 12-13K. Then I heard that the moto g was coming here. Took my time , decided and bought it as it was my only hope and since it was from Google. 
 
Phone review - 
Well all I can say about the phone is that its awsome. Its playing every game I throw at it with ease like DT 2 , Riptide GP2 , Injustice GODS AMONG US ,etc. 
Plus the 329ppi display makes everything look clear like games , photos , videos , etc. 
The feel of the phone is great as well. It looks just great with my Nexus 7 and matches it as well. The back camera is really great for taking pics and front for some selfies and video calling as well. 
Its from Google so its got the Google advantages like quicker updates , stock Android UI , free 50GB of Drop box storage for 2 year. 
The speakers are good for listening music and gaming as well. 
The battery lasts a day on 10 hr's of WiFi , 1-2 hrs of hardcore gaming , some surfing for half and hour with 10% battery remaining. The battery charges in 3-4 hrs on stock charger. But I'd recommend a 2.1A charger like the Sony CPAD2. It charges the phone in around 1 and half hour. 
The voice quality of the phone is good as well. Unlike average dual Sim phones this one does the switching nicely. Plus being dual Sim phone is a huge plus , right ? 
So, I can say that its the best phone in the range in all aspects and better than the Xperia S and iPhone 4S in almost all aspects.Will tell you thinngs that actually help you..This are the reasons why Moto G worked for me.... 
1. Outdoor visibility - Its Display is such a relief after using Note2, S3,Xperia ION, Ta620,Lumia 720... they all had issues viewing outdoors but not the Moto G. 
2. Display quality and Colour reproduction - Trust me boss you have to see it to believe it. the most sharpest display ever i have seen after the iphones. Bright and accurate colours the display just pops giving you high end results. Well done Moto. 
3. Battery life - Single Sim + 3G net + whole day whatsapp and fb + moderate gaming and music... all this and still a 12 to 13 hrs of battery life from a 2070mah battery. Can't ask for more. 
4. Touch and Smoothness - 1 week since i have used this phone till now not a single time did i experience any hang. The touch screen responded always on the very 1st tym i touched it. Being a stock vanilla android version it really helps the smooth functioning of this device just makes samsung , mmx and xolo cry. 
5. Price point - I would have happily paid 16 to 18k for Moto G after what i have experienced its just offering you so much for so less. 
 
Now things you might want to be clearified before you buy it... 
1. 5mp camera - Its a 5mp camera thats much much better then the mmxsamsung lg 8mp camera offered currently but in day light only. 
2. No expandable mem.card slot - So go for 16gb version. 
3. Your only source for its accessories currently is flipkart nothing out there in market. 
 
thats it for all tech specs refer google...!!best in 10 - 15k range.flipkart is wonderful. received this product before the scheduled delivery date. 
 
finishing absolutely stunning. display looks rich. no lag in multi-tasking. if you are a gamer prefer a 16GB version. 8GB only gives you 5.5GB available space, and certain games are even above 1Gb. UI is best, stock andriod experience. and also high pixel density make reading ebooks great. 
Call quality is average. not a big problem. 
the only negative point is Camera. If you are someone who loves photos a lot then better check other mobile camera reviews in same price range. Moto G gives you satisfying images in good light, but in darkness its a bit problem. kitkat update is said to fix some camera issues, need to wait and see how far it can help in this. If motorola had shown a little more care on camera, no other so called innovative brands could even compete with moto G 
But if you not care much about camera, yes this is the best mobile you can get in that price 
 
Feb15 KITKAT update release!! 
 
guys I updated my Moto G to KITKAT and it now supports OTG feature ( can access pendrive through otg cable) , reduces usage of ram. bit change in icons also. No need of any backup of data for update.Buying this phone is one of the most prudent choices I have made.Unlike most people before me who used the reviews to vent their anger on the issues with service, rather than talk about the Phone, I chose to wait till I actually used this product. 
 
I've been using this new phone for 2 days now, and I'm going to tell you about why I feel I made the best choice in opting for it. 
 
Here are features I discovered on this phone that amazed me (I assume that you, like I did, currently use a cheaper phone or a phone without these features) : 
1) It's fast and responsive. You can easily notice the phone is like a wand which responds to your gestures with ease. 
2) When you first start your phone, you're asked for your Google/gmail id and suddenly the phone automatically integrates all your stuff and usage patterns from any google site or product you have used before 
3) You don't need to type in messages. The Swype feature allows you to glide your finger over the letters in a word and &quot;very accurately&quot; guesses the word you wish to type 
4) You don't even need the above feature. The phone has an inbuilt option wherein you can type USING YOUR VOICE. Just speak out your message and it accurately types whatever you're saying. I'm impressed by the how well it picks up my &quot;Indian accent&quot; 
5) The phone has inbuilt Google Voice Assist. Click the google search box on the homescreen and say a search query such as &quot;Distance Bangalore to Mumbai&quot;. The phone &quot;TALKS BACK&quot; to you. It tells you the distance and shows a map result with directions. 
5) Even without internet, you can use the voice assist to dial a number in your contacts. For example, I clicked on the Google search box(without net) and said &quot;Call Prashant&quot;. It read my command, showed me the contact detail and asked &quot;Mobile or Home&quot; (The contact had 2 numbers). I replied &quot;Mobile&quot; and it made a call. Love this feature 
6) The phone multitasks with ease and there are a lot of great Android apps for all your needs. 
7) The Indian edition of the phone comes with a wall charger, but misses out on USB cable. But it looks unnecessary as everything you need can be transferred to and from this phone using the net and with Google help. So don't worry about it. 
 
If you already have a more expensive phone with all these features, then don't bother. But if you're like me who's looking for the latest and best features of technology in a Rs12,500 phone then don't think twice. Buy it! 
 
Hope you find my review useful :)DO NOT UPDATE TO KITKAN.I am writing this review to warn everyone that Kit-Kat update should not be done 
as there are many bugs in Kit-Kat write now.. 
some of the major bugs you can face are as follows 
 
1. lose mobile signal 
2. display 'No Sim' icons, 
3. fall into Aeroplane mode (while not displaying Aeroplane Icon status) 
4. Mobile signal can often be recovered by swapping into and out of Aeroplane mode. 
5. Pop-up errors about being in Aeroplane mode while attempting to make calls during signal problems. 
6. Aeroplane mode observed in about phone status (while no aeroplane mode shown on icons) 
7.Popup errors - the process &quot;com.android.phone&quot; has stopped 
 
Right now 
Moto G gets a minor firmware update only in Europe,that brings back OTG, fixes mobile network issues 
Motorola has started rolling out a minor Android KitKat update for the single SIM variant of the Moto G in Europe. This update brings back the USB on-the-go (OTG) support for the users with USB drivers and also fixes mobile network loss for some users. 
 
The over-the-air (OTA) update is about 7.2 MB and the version of the update is 176.44.1.en.GB for the UK variant. The build is dated February 6th, 2014. 
this is not aired in india... 
 
PLEASE LIKE THIS SO THAT EVERYONE CAN BE WARNED.Back With a BANG !!!!!!!.My Moto G was imported from U.K. which was approx 
17000Rs for which i had to shell out extra 3K when 
compared to the indian market price.The only difference 
between my phone and indian version is that the indian 
version has dual SIM option to it. 
 
I've been using this phone for a month now, My first 
reaction when i opened the box and took the phone was a 
WOW moment, the phone has great build quality, rounded 
off corners, perfect finish, the matte finish back cover 
gives you a nice grip, and colorful back cover options makes 
it a joy to carry around. 
 
The display is stunning and its clarity is just amazing, 
the high pixel density gives it a sharp picture clarity. 
the corning gorrilla glass 3 gives compliments to a great 
extent and the phone is scratch resistant and water repellent. 
 
And about the camer it has one of the best 5 megapixel 
and the camera picture quality is very good, there is 
control focus and exposure which gives you a nice and 
steady picture even when you are in motion the other 
options such as a panorama, burst mode taking a 
snap while video recording, flash and 
editing features are good. 
 
In video recording we have 720p recording the video 
output is stunning for and 5 megapixel camera 
 
the music effect is very good indeed though we have only 
limited equaliser settings.The speaker sound is very good 
and has good quality to it. 
Moto G and JBL tempo(brought from flipkart) makes a 
great pair for listening music which I currently have. 
 
The battery is non removable the only time we remove the 
back cover is while inserting the SIM. Life is good 
and lasts a day even after heavy usage. 
 
In software, Google has given it a Pure Android and it 
works just perfect and the phone's speed is top notch 
for its software and it has got kitkat update. The 
latest android interface is very nice and very quick for 
multitasking and it has so many features i would rather 
say characteristics. 
 
For this money i bet no other phone is there to 
challenge Motorola Moto G in the market at present. 
Motorola by pricing it aggressively in the has winner 
in its hands and It&rsquo;s just a passport to the Indian medium 
range smart phone market which is heated up due tough competition. 
 
I would definitely recommend this phone to people who want a phone 
which is great value for money.JUST GO FOR IT...... 
 
Motorola has resurrected in india with a BANG from a brief slumber.Some things you would not find in other reviews.Amazing phone... Flipkart delivered it in 3 days flat - ordered it on 24th feb recieved on 27 th. 
1. Good Build quality, Powerful speakers and good music quality, FM Radio. 
2. Very Smooth Operation, Pure Android, good additional features from google. 
3. Gorilla Glass, Water resistant , durable. 
4. Battery life is also good - need to keep the right settings and battery will last. 
5. No heating. 
6. many said camera is bad... but i feel Camera is good enough, Not the best but not bad. 
images were bright and good clarity when viewed on laptop. 
7. Many gave feedback that screen is not so good like amoled, but after i bought i realised that it is bright and clear, also good resolution (ppi) - Very nice 
Screen is 4.5 inch - if you need a Phablet experience id recommend to go for bigger screen phones, but this phone is very handy and good enough screen for me. 
 
8. Ram is 1 GB - this is good enough for regular operations like browsing internet with many tabs open and some basic multitasking ( i tried around 15 apps simultaneously and phone performed well - without lag ), But haven't tried the real heavy loading like games yet. I feel if you are a heavy gamer - go for more ram phones. but if you are not interested in games - this is good enough. 
9. Noticed that the phone lagged a it while i connected charger and multitasked at the same time, but this shouldn't be much of a problem. 
10. The Phone benchmark ratings are much higher than phones of this price range. 
11. KITKAT 4.4 update works really well, google Now feature is just awesome. 
12. Supports Pen Drive connection to mobile, but after updating KitKat, you would need to download additional software like Total Commander / Nexus Media importer to enable this feature - So the lack of SD card support is compensated. But I would prefer the 16 GB version over 8 GB as only 13 GB is available for use and Apps will require heavy memory. 
11. Max SAR is a bit high but within limits - but default SAR under normal conditions should be low. 
12. Overall its a Showstealer for this price. !! :) 
 
Conclusion: 
If you are planning to buy a phone under 20 K (as on March 2014) go for Moto G blindly. (Worth the money) 
But for a Gaming phone above 20 K - id go for Nexus 5. 
I also considered Huawei Ascend g700 / Intex Octa - but not so sure about the brand. 
Need to wait and see if a good phone under 18 K and 2 GB ram would be released in India.The best phone for the price...!.I bought this in afternoon on 6th with in-a-day guarantee, the delivery was delayed....got it on 8th (Flipkart - I am yet to get a refund). 
But boy was it worth it. The moment you lay your eyes on this black beauty, you'll fall in love with it.The phone just looks just beautiful. And very different from the typical samsung stuff that every tom dick and harry have. The beauty is more than skin deep too. It's a sturdy phone. it feels like it can handle a bit of rough use. Although the back feels smooth and good looking, I think it will get scratched easily. It definitely not the lightest,slimmest smartphone, but tolerable. 
 
On the tech front the phone works smoothly without any glitches at all. Setup was super simple. The qualcomm quad core chip works nicely. No lags experienced till now. No heating issues. Not ultra fast, but well above average. 
Lot of free space (about 12.5 GB). 
Screen is again a beauty. High pixel density means all pictures/text look crispy clear. Brightness is also more than adequate. 
Battery life life will get you through the day on normal use. And by normal I mean switching 3g off when not needed. Keeping internet always on can take a toll on the battery. Adjusting brightness to a lower setting however does a major difference to the battery life. 
Camera is nothing much to write about. Average. But doesn't affect me. Works nicely outdoors, but in indoor lighting it just suffers. Front cam is strictly ok for skype. 
 
Software wise - the device is running almost pure 4.3 Jellybean, hopefully it'll get 4.4 KitKat soon. No problems there. 
What bugs me is I can find no way of adjusting the App drawer in a custom order. I know there are homescreens for that (just 5), but please I should be allowed to adjust the app drawer the way I want (its alphabetical by default). 
I wish I would have been able to sync my facebook contacts with google ones with profile pictures, but seems that due to a feud between google and FB, I won't get to that unless I install a third party app. But these are small glitches and I can tolerate them. Other than that software works flawlessly. Motorola did a great job keeping useless apps away. And whatever apps they have are useful (viz. Moto Assist, Migrate, Device ID). And you get 50 GB free on existing google drive account in addition to 15GB free to a total of 65 GB. Cool. More photo backups for me !! 
 
I got a back cover (Royal Blue) for my phone as they were selling for 70% off, unfortunately it doesn't look as good as it looks on screen. Turquoise would probably be a better choice. But these covers are even more sturdy than the original black one, and can definitely handle scratches in a much better way. They almost feel scratch-proof. 
 
And BEWARE this thing doesn't come with a micro USB data cable as you would think. I opened the box to find a charger and i thought they were the type with a usb port at the end. but I was wrong. the wire goes straight into the wall unit. So in short you get a charger only NOT a charger/USB cable combo. get your own one. I haven't tried the earphones yet, but anyways they are old type hard full size earphones and look cheap. I would have much rather have a USB cable instead of this. 
 
But even after overcoming these small cons, I think this phone is just too good for this price to even care about them. If you are in the market for a phone that is fast,inexpensive, looks good, feels good, feels different from the tons of samsungs out there (No offense, I love this company, all appliances at my house are samsung and are good. My previous phone was a samsung. Been using that for 4-5 years, never failed me. But the identicalness of smartphones in samsung is not for me) and you can sacrifice a bit of camera performance then THIS PHONE IS FOR YOU, PERIOD.Best phone in price range so for.I found this is the best phone, I have used so for, I have experienced HTC, Samsung, and Nokia 
 
Processor and RAM. Both are absolutely fine. I don&rsquo;t feel any problem. All programs open quickly and respond fast. 300 MB RAM is always free. 1080p HD video plays smoothly in SW decoder mode in MX Player. 12 GB internal memory is available for use in my 16 GB version. Update to KITKAT is fine and have not resulted in any bug. 
Display: Color OK but not vibrant as you will see in high end Samsung phone, but resolution, and contrast is great. Screen response is very fast. Screen feels smooth. At 100% brightness the display is visible in sunlight. I will give 9.5/10 for screen display. I reduce 0.5 only for less vibrant color compare to samsung. But it is equal to Sony Xperia. 
 
Wifi: It connects immediately, there is no dead syndrome, It means there will be no loss of signal wherever you hold the phone. It will work in a good range. 10/10 
Call quality: I say it is perfect, if you have any problem it will definitely related with the network. Phone volume is great. 10/10 
 
Mobile network: Network works fine. Both SIM shows good range of the signal. The only problem people have noted, we cannot force it to use only 3G network. But it can be solved by dialing *#*#4636#*#* and then selecting WCDMA only. The other good thing is that there is an option in the phone by which you can receive call on second SIM, when first SIM is using DATA. This feature is not available in many phone, and if it is there, it reduces data speed. But in this it works absolutely fine. You can also activate easily mutual call forward. 10/10 
 
Speaker: The external speaker is sensibly louder and clear. 10/10 
Camera: Many people say the camera is not good but as far as you speak about camera in mobile, I will say it is great in this phone. People usually compare mobile camera picture with actual camera which is wrong. I give 10/10 for the camera, but the software for the camera has very simple as there is no option to change image/video quality and resolution, no manual selection of white balance, no geo tagging, no metering change. In other words, just there is one click to capture image or start recording besides there is no control. 
 
GPS: It is great, take 30 Seconds to find the position in outdoor, clear sky condition. I checked navigation in google navigator and Sygic. Positions are absolutely correct. 10/10 
Battery: Great, charge time 0-100% 4 hours using its charger. Discharge rate : 5 hours for video play, 24 hours for moderate mixed usage, 4 days for standby both SIM and Wifi on. 
 
Body, weight, control buttons every thing is perfect. 
 
Accessory: headphone is average quality, charger is great quality, NO USB cable, but one can buy in 50 Rs.Redefines a mid-segment device.Having used my Moto G for over a week now, I can say without a second thought that this has been one of my best investments so far. Without any further ado lets jump into the features I love the most about this device 
 
1.Brilliant display which takes your attention as soon as you switch ON your device. After Kitkat update you get a transparent notification and navigation bar which further enhances the beauty. 
2.For those of you buying now, you would get Kitkat update as soon as you switch on your phone. The update was released on 14th Feb. It seems Motorola wanted to give us a Valentine's Day gift and it was sweet. 
3.Operation is pretty smooth. You get 300-340 MB of free ram even after installing quite a few apps. I must add here that usable storage on the 16 gig version is 12.92GB. So choose your version wisely. 
4.All the games I tested work excellently. There are minimal(if any) frame drops during gameplay. In-game loading time is fast. 
5.USB OTG works well on stock without requiring any external app or root. Both reading and writing to the USB works after the Kitkat update. 
 
I get a battery life of 1 day and 4-5 hours with 3-3.5 hours of screen-time and Wi-fi kept on for the entire duration. While this is not bad per se, I have seen users report much more than that. I am still trying to up the battery life of my device. Can't think of any striking con now. 
 
On a whole, it's just an amazing device and if you're on the edge, just go ahead and buy it before the stocks run out yet again.Good Phone but some problems.There are a ton of reviews on this site so i am just going to state a few things i personally observed about this phone. 
 
Pros - 
 
1. The Battery. In general i managed to get an average of around 16 hours of battery life with heavy use. Which is good, considering the 2070 mAh battery on the inside.. 
 
2. The Processing Power - With the combination of the snapdragon 400 and near stock android, it flies through almost all applications, given some games do tend to lag a bit. (GTA: VC, GTA:SA - major lag) 
 
3. The Display - This is by far the best part about this device. It has a really bright and true to life display. Colours seem natural and the 326 ppi density makes watching a movie in 1080p really an enjoyable experience. (Its a matter of personal opinion on the size for watching a movie though. Personally, I prefer the 4.5 inch display as a on the go device for multimedia.) 
Ps. 1080p works at 30fps only with mp4 format, Other formats do play but tend to have lag. 
 
4. Speakers - The speakers are really quite amazing on this phone. They are really loud and clear. (Slight distortion at maximum volume though) 
 
5. Overall Build - This does not feel like a device that you would get for 14k. It definitely feels like its worth a lot more the way that it is designed and the materials used. 
 
Cons - 
 
1. Bugs with KitKat build 
 
2. Camera - The camera is quite decent with good amount of detail in well lit areas but horrible low light shots. Flash does help but the flash saturation in the photos is way beyond a decent level. 
 
3. Storage - I was really hoping for a bigger storage option. The 16 gb version that i had picked up is already filled up. Most of it though due to the sheer number of applications that are installed and the data files that they generate. 
 
Lastly, I have to mention this for the sake of anyone who is buying this phone. I like a few others who have purchased this phone (not just flipkart) have run into the same issue. A damaged version of the display panel. A few dead pixels, slight backlit bleeding and a dead backlit led. Make sure that if you do purchase this phone that you do check for these particular defects.Fanastic Phone, fanastic service and what LUCK !!!.Firstly about the launch - Got up on the morning of 6th Feb wanted to get the phone for my Wife's birthday on 9th Feb (Sunday). I knew it wasn't going to be easy. Checked flipkart, the phone was already sold out, I believe they launched at midnight !!! Came to office, checked again - banner said will be back at noon!! Wow! ok !!! Finally was enable to place an order online for the 16gb. Whew! 
 
Delivery - This was very important for me as the D-day was a Sunday!!! Selected the &quot;in a day&quot; guarantee. But later received a mail saying that the phone would be delivered on the 14th Feb instead. Was very disappointed. But on 8th morning - Surprise SMS !!! phone out for delivery !!! Thank you flipkart, I was able to present it to my wife on Sunday morning. Made OUR day ;-) 
 
The Phone - First thing you'll notice is the price !!! Its awesome !!! Ever since I bought it no other phone seems to justify the feature vs price equation to me. The pricing has become a yardstick for other phones now. 
 
Smartphone without a good display is useless, Moto G has a brilliant display. 
Phone is quick, call quality is good, speaker is loud enough. 
 
Cons: 
 
1 GB RAM will limit the number of apps running on the phone. 
Camera is a little slacking. 
 
LUCK - Today is my birthday and Flipkart has given me a birthday present too ! 100% cash back on the Moto G!!! Can't believe it !A Beggar Rides in a Rolls Royce.I have given the phone five stars because that is the performance that the phone has given so far, only time will tell how far these five stars will last, The most disappointing and atrociouly shocking part of unboxing the phone is the Hands-Free component provided by Motorola, I was almost in 0.75% of my mind to completely return the product. no doubt the phone has proved the truth of its advert, &quot;Exceptional Phone-Excpetional Price&quot;, but by providing the Hands-Free component that Motorola provided along with the phone, i have a very prejudiced view of the handset, I have until now not even heard the audio quality from the headset. They provided a headset with a design that is in mobile phone terms from 200 millenia ago. As far as the Design of the Hands-Free Component goes it is only right to say that a Beggar rides in a Rolls Royce. 
 
Coming to the Phone it has real swagger value, First of all Motorola Installed Android Kit-Kat on the phone and Baby faced the UI, and tried to put everything right at your fingertips. The 2070 built in battery tries to compete with the battery life of the Ipad. I watched Shaun the Sheep - the Big Chase download from Google play Movies, the detail is terrific and the rendering and playback is flawless, making and receiving calls is the other good part, this is something that Motorola has nearly perfected, the aural noise cancellation and voice correction technology where a DSP chip provides call talk clarity. Listening to Net Radio on the phone, was another one of the pleasurable experience i encountered, subject to connectivity provided by the Mobile operator. The Front of the phone has a JNC or a Subtly Just Noticable Curve, this does away with angular distortion when enjoying feature presentations from the Google Moives Play Store. The Corning Gorilla Glass infused HD is really amazingly responsive to Most Capacitive Styluses and they glide like the wind. Truly this phone has Swagger Value and is truly 100% a genuine Motorola product 
 
To finish this Review, if this is a Flipkart Original, they really should have put a little more effort into the aesthetic accessories of the phone which include the Hands-Free Component. Is it lack of Skilled Design staff that Made Google buy out Motorola. What happens when a design-sensed Customer purchases the phone and feels he's got only 50% value for Money?Amazing phone but not able to perform the core functionality of a &quot;Phone&quot;.FlipKart- Hats Off 
 
You people are providing exceptional service to your customers (Very Customer centric) 
 
FlipKarts on time delivery took my excitement for a new phone to a next level. First two of use: was very happy with the performance of the phone no lags, no hangs, no problem with the performance of the phone. 
 
After downloading few app's like FB, Whts App, True caller, FB Messenger and two basic games Moto g had started showing a new shade, ear piece was not working and I had to restart the phone each time I face this problem (Thrice in a day). 
 
I wanted to find out why this problem is arising, I know for sure it is not a hardware problem cause when eva I restart the ph was working fine, so I stared playing around with the ph and noticed that if I open multiple app I am getting this problem, so I immediately called up FK for a replacement and amazingly I got my replacement on time as promised. 
 
Now with the new piece I faced the problem just in an hour of use. I am gonna return the ph to Flipkart asking for a refund hopefully FK will keep my expectations alive for a positive response.Great Phone.The phone is great and 4.5 screen is just easy for use on your hand. Specially for females it is a big plus. Here are the positives - 
1. The touch is awesome 
2. Speed is great - you hardly feel any lag 
3. The phone is upgradable to KitKat. i did it immediately after receiving the phone and it works really smooth 
4. The Gorrila screen in this price range is just awesome. No other model beats this price 
5. Sound clarity is good 
6. Camera results are acceptable in this price range 
7. Battery lasts for 2 days which is a big plus 
8. Provides lot of color options to choose for the back cover 
9. The back cover is not slippery. it holds well on your hand and is less prone to drops. 
10. Great Value for Money 
 
Some drawbacks - 
1. The default camera does not have more settings to give user, options while taking Picture 
2. They could have added extra RAM. I know its too much to ask in this price range 
3. External memory slot would have been great option rather than fixed internal memory. 
4. Just a little heavier looking at its size 
5. Not a sleek phone but it looks great. Its not even bulkyImpatience over a Nice Product.The Moment This Phone was announced, it seemed a wonderful VFM Package on Paper but later reviews confirmed it as a Superior Product at low cost! 
 
Now that it has been launched here I see so many Fellow Indian Techie's getting impatient over late delivery, cancelled orders and various other things which is really surprising! 
 
Common friends even I didn't expect this mad rush that too for a company that left our shores and thinking logically it was difficult for both Motorola and Flipkart to cater to such an overwhelming response! 
 
Will Request People to be Patient and Understand that If Companies are paying attention to Indian Market they should be treated well rather than all the irrelevant reviews and posts mentioned here! Nexus 4 was the first Official Nexus to be Available, S4 gets launched with Priority, Sony too releases Flagship Models here &amp; Motorola remained true to their Word of Launching it early 2014 so my Point is order and wait patiently for a supreme product i.e. Moto G to be delivered to you as soon as stocks are available 
 
For Any Genuine Issues like Wrong Order etc, it's FK who has to be blamed but even I didn't expect such a huge response for Moto G! As of Now I am waiting for Positive Reviews confirming delivery and availability of stocks to get mine as currently if I join the mad rush, I will only end up frustrating myself just for a phone :) 
 
Cheers Friends and Hope Everyone who has ordered gets their Smart Phone Soon. 
 
Good Luck Flipkart and Motorola Welcome Back!Why Another Review?.There has been a lot of hype created by Moto G over the last few months. The launch in India was met with enthusiasm and fervor. And the device lives up to all the expectations. 
 
I have been using the phone for almost a week now. The UI is smooth and i haven't faced a lag. The touch screen is responsive. The display quality is excellent - colors are crisp and vibrant. 12GB+ is available on board, which should suffice for most users. Android KitKat update is promised. Google Drive gives you additional 50GB space for 2 years, which can be used to store ur documents and music collection in case you find shortage of space. Battery life is excellent - with moderate use I am able to pull off 2 days of use. 
 
I don't believe in quad cores, rams, benchmarks and other stuff. So won't comment. 
 
Why should you get it? 
Because other phones in this price range are crap!! Yes, they are. 
 
Motorola has been a brand of repute in the US for quite some time. Using the phone makes me feel that it will last for quite some time. And last well. That's what eventually matters. Not Antutu scores. 
 
Get a MotoG. I am sure you will love the phone. Enjoy!!Moto G Detailed Review.ordered a 16 GB Moto G through flipkart with one day delivery guarantee, got it in 5 days! (Though some of my friends got it the next day with normal delivery option). But, finally it costed me Rs. 13,999 only! 
secure packaging (thanks to WS Retail) with bubble packed carton! 
 
was pre upgraded to Android 4.4.2 Kitkat! pre loaded with almost no bloatwares. The only two inbuilt apps from the Motorola were Motorola Migrate and Moto Assist (Assist being very useful instead) 
 
The power and volume rockers feel slightly cheap: the only disappointing thing about the built, but it will not make a issue with normal use. Its much better than boring identical Samsung phones design though! 
 
The best feature about the phone is its brilliant high density 4.5 inch IPS Display with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels (329 ppi pixel density). It has awesome color reproduction and enough brightness even with the least brightness set. Notably, the Moto G's screen is a bit sharper than Apple's iPhone 5s, which offers 326 ppi. The phone uses the default boring stock UI which I overridden with Google Now Kitkat Launcher which is featured in Nexus Phones. This made the phone UI interesting with Google now cards on the left most home screen and the awesome &quot;OK Google&quot; hot word detection! 
My friend ordered a Moto G recently and his display was slightly yellowish as compared to my clear white display. I searched for this issue on internet and lots of posts were flooded with the problem. I guess it might be due to different different components assembly from different OEMs. But his display was also looking brilliant and he is using it without an issue as of now! 
 
The phone is buttery smooth with its Quad-core 1.2 GHz Qualcomm MSM8226 Snapdragon 400 on a Cortex-A7 chipset with an Adreno 305 GPU. Big games and tasks are good to go. The 1 GB RAM also makes the phone much used multi tasking capability easier. I had tried almost all the larger games including Asphalt 8, Real Racing and Injustice and the performance was awesome without an issue. 
The 16 GB of the device is nearly 12 GB usable with no expandable memory card slot! The biggest drawback of the phone along with the non removable battery! The back cover is open able only for inserting the two micro SIM cards and for customizing the colorful back panels! 
 
I felt an average speech quality during calls through its earpiece with no call drop issues. During the Line video chat to another Moto G the 720p enabled front camera worked well with nice clarity(both ways)! The loud speaker of the phone is much much loud and above average but only gives Mono audio output. 
The Wi-Fi and mobile data works average as compared to other devices in this class. It didn't disappoint me yet! My local media streaming was working well. But I felt a slight laginess on my Wi-Fi connection during Youtube HD streaming as my other devices were buffering quicker simultaneously! 
Rest of the cloud features and syncing were normal and performed without and issue. 
 
The phone sports a 5 mega pixel auto focus camera with a new Motorola camera interface. The camera performs well in terms of autofocus and any novice can use camera with an ease but, it is very low on megapixels. Altough, I never felt cheated for the camera. The back and front camera both are capable of shooting 720p videos. The slow movie capture is also present identical to the iPhone 5s SlowMo! With the latest camera update the volume rockers can be used as dedicated camera shutter buttons although a long press didn&rsquo;t set the focus instead took many multiple shutter shots! The flash is very bright and it is placed in-between the camera and Motorola logo dimple. The camera is good for Instagramming and other social outdoor bright light shots! 
The phone supports a non removable 2070 mAh battery with Motorola claiming with 24 hours mix usage. I used the phone with all the mixed features and was able to use the phone whole day with average call, Wi-Fi usage, tweeting, Facebooking, Instagramming, Youtube and texting. With heavy usage it can run upto 16 hours on a single charge. Although the charging time is larger as Motorola provided charger is has low current output. But it can be charged faster with other USB sockets including PC USB ports. But for this, you have to get an extra data syncing wire as the wire was not included in the box! Despite many rumours on 4.4.2 The OTG storage with a 16 GB USB flash drive worked fine without any issue on my device as I used the Cyanogenmod built File manager. Other popular file managers can also be used for an issue less working of OTG cable. So, the folks worrying about expandable storage should not be worried about the 12 GB inbuilt space.Rs. 13999? It's totally worth it.I received this phone today and man does it look gorgeous. One of the best Android phones in the market at this price point. 
 
I have been using this phone for about a day and have some things to tell. 
 
Staring with the good things. 
 
1) It has a beautiful LCD panel. It's an above average, 720p IPS panel with 329 ppi and great viewing angles. The iPhone has 326 ppi. 
2) The phone fits in the hand and doesn't feel its going to fall off. It has a good rubber grip on the back unless you change the back cover. 
3) The glass on the screen is one of the best I've seen. It doesn't attract finger prints that much. It's way better than what's on my iPad 2 which is a finger print magnet. 
4) It's a phone so the call quality should be great and it is! And it has astonishingly very good quality mics. 
5) The loudspeaker is actually loud, perfect for multiple people to listen to. 
6) It's a freaking dual SIM! 
 
Now for some mediocre things 
 
1) The camera is of average quality. It's OK for this price point. 
2) The OS doesn't feel sluggish but it's hardware is definitely not designed for heavy multitasking. 
 
And finally the ugly things. 
 
1) Maan does this thing get hot and by hot I don't mean burning hot. The temperature is very uncomfortable when the phone is on your ear. I have observed that when the WiFi is switched on it and you are making a phone call, it gets warm. 
2) The accessories are just plain stupid and by accessories I mean the earphones. They are so uncomfortable. My earlobes start paining after five minutes of wearing them and don't talk about sound quality, it's just horrible. Please for God's sake, don't use those horrid things. Buy a new set and keep your ears happy. 
 
So there you have it. Hope this helps other potential buyers. If your budget is Rs. 15000 or below, this is the only phone you should buy.Highly reccomendded product.(Reviews especially for Indian buyers).I would like to share my experience in detail. I placed a COD order on 22nd and got it delivered by 26th as promised by 
 
Flipkart. This is also my first mobile purchase through online after seeing many reviews and promise from Flipkart. So i am rating Flipkart 5/5. :) 
 
I noticted some people telling that they got a faulty mobile or late delivery service or product not upto the mark. Clearly we need to understand that flipkart is just like a service,which connects sellers and buyers. If the product is delayed,then it must be because of either the delay of seller or other natural circumstances(may be). So flipkart does'n play much role in this. If they get the product then they deliver it very soon. And another important thing is that,this was a product which was in very high demand,so no one is to be blamed for late delivery. 
 
Regarding the product,if you have used high expensive mobiles like iphone,note etc, then you will find some features left out in this mobile. But you should understand that this mobile has covered many features in this price.Some peoples have been reporting issues with their mobile,i too had very little software issues,but it happens when a product is just 
released and in my opinion you should also have little luck to get a good one because you are ordering through online and not by checking the product twice or thrice in a shop.Every issues can be fixed,all we need to do is to be calm and to approach right person to solve issues. 
 
Problem i faced with this mobile: 
I didn get much hardware problem.Both the slim slots were working fine and only then i used scratch guard.The real problem was, i couldn update the OS with my mobile data network.Since i dont have wifi,my only option was through mobile data.I contacted motorola customer care 2times,and 2answers was given by different persons. One told like we could update system update only with wifi,and other one said we can update by mobile data/wifi but he doesn know the real problem which i was facing and he told me to take my mobile to a service center.But i wish to find the solution on my own.I realised like i got my sim in my native and this sim works as a roaming in the city which i work.I guessed this was a problem,and today i found that i was correct. 
 
Yes, THE SIM WHICH IS IN ROAMING WILL NOT ALLOW YOU TO DO SYSTEM UPDATES.:) 
 
Even though it will take data from your mobile data network,it will ask you to turn on WIFI(dont know why :D).After updating i did'n get any errors like camera errors,sim not detecting etc.I guess i am lucky since most are facing these problems after updating their OS. 
If you have a roaming sim and if you need to update,you can use a friends mobile(if he has mobile hotspot option) to be a wifi-hotspot and you can access internet through his mobile.(his device will be acting as a wifi connection,so you can choose his device name in wifi and can access it) :) 
 
Pros: 
*Looks great in hand and placed in a table. 
*Boot time is very fast. 
*Charge stands for 1 1/2 days for me for normal use,if played games and accessing internet it stands from 12-24hours. 
*Loud speaker. 
*HD Recording. 
*Touch screen is very good.(recommend to use matte finish screen guards) 
 
Cons: 
*Headset is just OK,but the clarity and sound is very good 
*Camera is good not best but unlike other mobiles telling that it has 12mp and only has 8 or 10mp,this mobile stands for its mentioned specs. 
*Dont know why i had to turn on wifi even if i am updating through a mobile data network(yet to be inspected). 
*Getting ringtone in the phone even if i am connected to a headset(thats also fine). 
*Didn get a usb cable and back cover.(came around 700 extra for me to buy those). 
 
Finally,i recommend this product to people who have just started to buy tough phones,and for people who is looking for a classy low budget phones. 
Not suitable for people who have already using iphones or high expensive mobiles,you will keep finding something is missing with this mobile :) 
 
Thanks to flipkart and motorola for this nice product.6 Days with this Awesome Phone which comes at an Awesome Price.I have ordered the 16 GB variannt on Feb 9 and got it on Feb 18,,,Was bit impatient to embrace it...but i understood the demand of this phone and so some how managed to get over my impatience...as usual..Flipkart delivered me with a superb packing. 
now about phone.. 
 
PROS: 
 
***Processing is as smooth as butter...it never makes u feel that u do not have a 2 GB RAM. 
 
*** Superb HD Display 
 
*** Battery life is superb..(being a new phone...hardly it happens that my display is sleeping...i keep on browsing internet or IMing on whatsapp and FB..sometimes on wi-fi and sometimes on mobile internet.play games..use apps..it gives me close to 24 Hour backup once fully charged ) 
 
*** 16 GB is more than sufficient..i am a music lover with a big collection of songs...u really do not need a extra piece of memory card...also using memory card makes ur phone works slower...its like playing a song on computer through pen drive. 
 
***Latest Android (KitKat- V 4.4.2) 
 
*** Perfect for Pure Android lovers .It does not contain any useless apps like Samsung phones...minimal customization by Motorola (FM radio is added which is progressive customization &amp; Assist is added to move your data from previous android phone)..these are the only extra stuff added.. 
 
***Superb look...looks SOLID in hand and does not give you Samsung like-cheap feel but expensive phone wala feeling.(All Samsung Galaxy series phones are similar in shapes and it is very difficult to differentiate among them plus their body build quality is really really bad) 
 
*** 4.5 inch screen with latest Gorilla glass is classy...this size is PERFECT for my hand...'coz i needed a smartphone and not a tab-sized phone 
 
*** Sound Quality is Very Good. 
 
***Phone does not get overheated even if overused. 
 
*** Best Value for Money phone. 
 
*** 
 
CONS : 
 
*** Those who really love high megapixel camera on phone ...may get disappointed because of 5 MP....i was not because for me camera in phones are meant to capture moments ..and not for full time photography.. 
 
OVERALL : Its a Solid phone ..U will have to pay more than 24~25K to samsung if u want a phone with similar specifications with them...This phone is surely gonna break the monopoly they have in market at this point of time..you will love it !.i bought it 4 days back. i want to say a few things! 
1)the display is stunning for its price range 
2)interface is buttery smoothhh! 
3)battery is average for the device 
4)camera is good in day light 
a few bad things people complain are 
1) not connecting to wifi- ya this happens some times but not always. a software update is coming for that. 
2)regarding sim 2g 3g change... its not at all a problem . it just disconnects from tower for a few seconds then it changes. its not that bad. 
3)some times it hangs. touch wont be responsive... every android phone hangs some time. this is fate of the android. since the moto g is obviously an android it too hangs. in such time just lock the screen and unlock it. can't you do that? 
 
my final opinion: 
  IT IS THE BEST PHONE FOR THE ANDROID GEEKS WHO WANT A 329 PPI AND THE SUPERB QUALCOMM PROCESSOR !!! NOTHING MORE WE NEEDED!!! ITS GOOGLE COMPANY MAN THEY WONT PROFIT MUCH FROM THE HARDWARE PART! THEIR BUSINESS IS SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE IS THEIR PASSION! 
 
  just go for it without the second thought.is my opinion helpfull to you?The Best Smart Phone for this Price.This is my First Smart Phone but I have been using the other smart phones of my friends. I am really happy with the performance of this phone. It has everything that needed for a smart phone. 
 
Performance: The performance of the phone is really great. Even though it has 1 GB RAM, the phone is very fast. 
 
Google Products: I am impressed with the voice search, google now and google drive apps. I'm impressed by the how well it picks up my &quot;Indian accent&quot;. 
 
Messaging: The Swipe feature is inbuilt in this phone. You don't need to type also USING THE VOICE SEARCH you can give whatever instructions you want. 
Display of the phone clear, very sharp and awesome. 
 
Battery Life: I am getting a All-day charge as they mentioned in the specs. With almost 2 hours gaming, 10-15 apps installed, exploring the phone for almost 3 hours and used Wi-fi for 3 hours. still I am left with 40% battery. 
 
Internal Memory: For 16GB version the user will get around 12GB space. I am happy with space that I am getting. No concerns for me. 
 
Camera: The camera in the phone is average in low light but if you go out take pictures in a full light it captures good photos. 
 
Sound Clarity of the phone is good, loud speaker is also nice. The Indian version is getting earphones, those are really great. 
 
And Kitkat update is the one more advantage for this phone. I am expecting the kitkat update by this weekend. 
 
About Flipkart: Your delivery as fast as like Fast and furious cars. It took only 30 hours for me to deliver the product. 
 
Rating: I am giving 4.5/5 for this phone. If you are looking for a 20-23k phone, I suggest buy this phone. Even they are giving the same features that has in this phone except camera.Terrific phone at an unbelievable price.There are already several good reviews so will keep my review short. My previous phone was a Galaxy Nexus - one of the best Nexus lines made still date so I am not the kind that's easily placed. This phone was replacing that one. 
 
Pros: 
 - Very good build qualtity. The back cover feels great Doesn't seem like &quot;cheap plastic&quot; at all. Gives you a great &quot;premium phone&quot; feel. Does feel a little heavy though. 
 - Brilliant display. Did not expect the colors to pop like they do with the resolution mentioned in the specs. 
 - Really really fast. Absolutely no lag while browsing through menu items. Launcher loads fast even with several apps open. Again, didn't expect it with just a 1 GB ram. 
 -Very receptive captive touch. Much better than my gnex. 
 - Speaker is loud enough. I could hear a simple ring tone even in loud traffic. 
 - Crystal clear call quality. No problem. As good as my old gnex or even my wife's iPhone 4S 
 - My fully charged battery lasted me about 9 hrs with 2 SIMs in and 3G on. But isn't fair to compare battery because I was monkeying with the phone a lot and since the battery had 0 discharge cycles. It takes atleast 8-10 discharge cycles before a battery can function optimally. 
 
Cons: 
 There aren't many at all. I will need to split hair to find any at all. 
 - Getting off the back cover can be a pain. You need to kind of slide your finger nail under the cover through the micro USB port and pry it open. But since the battery is not user-replaceable and we wouldn't be changing sims on a daily basis - most of us can live with that. 
 - No expandable storage via external SD card. Again, almost every premium phone these days comes with only inbuilt storage so can't really complain. And hey. for the money I paid - i really can't! 
 - No user replaceable battery - again same as above. All premium phones are the same these days 
 
All in all.. terrific phone at an unbelievable price. Super service from Flipkart.best experience under 20k.Hi, 
 
I have been using Moto G for last 3-4 days, and I must say the experience is overwhelming. 
Before Moto, I was using Galaxy Ace (Gingerbread) and was about to switch to windows phone due issues like lagging, app compatibility etc. But I think I made 100% right choice by opting Moto G. The user interface is awesome, smooth and visually soothing. I have not experienced any lag. The only down thing is camera. I have bought 16gb model, abt 12.xx gb were free, now after loading most of apps (Whatsapp, FB, twitter, skype and lot other) abt 11 GB is still free. 
 
I suggest look at no other phone under 20k, if camera you are willing to compromise on camera. 
 
Mobile came with Android 4.3, as soon as I turned wifi on, I received update 4.4.2 (Kitkat, abt 280MB). 
 
Battery life so far has been good, I get aroung 20 hrs battery life with 3G. (mobile data on for 8 hrs, rest hrs on wifi, surfing, some light gaming, using whatsapp, twitter, fb through out) 
 
P.S. Batter is Lithium, so no need to initial charge it for 16-20 hrs, do normal charging, don't let battery drain to 0%. When you see battery is down to 5-15%, you can start charging. 
 
I hope this review is helpful. 
 
Cheers, 
Chetan.Excellent Phone.This is the phone which is here to show some mirror to the other mobile companies in the market. You will find everything in this phone,and those who say that it is not giving pure android experience,first go and see the meaning of pure android experience. Battery life is really very impressive. You won't believe but in 1% of remaining battery i worked in 3G network for 1 hr. Which is not possible for any phone in this price range. Touch is very responsive and I have not seen any lag in hard multitasking. But i would suggest to go with 16 gb. if you have good data plan then transfer the photos to the google drive which is 50 gb free with this device and by default we get 15 gb in one account so total 50+15=65 gb is there. Sound quality is very loud,and while on call quality is very good. The most impressive feature of this phone is Google now(kitkat feature), wonderfully it understands Indian English accent also.Don't wait for the stocks to come on Flipkart,just book now and Flipkart will ship it to you soon ;)The Best One Yet.I have been playing around with smartphones forever and let me tell you this combination is the best one ive seen since the S3 
 
Pros:- 
1. Lightning fast. No need to root or mod. Performance figures are off the chart 
2. Easy to us OS (Kit kat is remarkable) 
3. Screen size is just right. (After going through the entire Galaxy series, Im telling you it feels great to use the phone with one hand again) 
4. Speaker sound loud and clear. Using the equalizer actually makes a difference. 
5. Touch response is just too smooth 
6. Battery Life. Has lasted more than a day and a half on 3g. 
7. Dual Sim. Definitely an added advantage 
 
Cons:- 
1. Memory. (Missing my 64GB card) 
2. Traces of Bloatware. Moto Migrate and Assist apps 
3. Camera is decent, but takes you back to Nokia Age. 
4. Slightly heavy. 
5. No serious customizations available. Although you can download apps for that. 
6. Can t remove battery on your own 
7. NavBar. There's enough space down there to get hardware buttons in. 
 
All in all, a great buy for anyone who could get their hands on it. 
Coming down from the formidable Galaxy Notes and Nexus series, you still feel comfortable with this phone 
 
Excellent service by Flipkart as always!!!!MOtO G : Objective, unbiased and To the point expert review.I have been using two MOtO g mobiles for a month now. I thought posting my detailed experience about really important things which i haven't read in any reviews might help some of you guys. I will try to be objective and to the point. 
 
1. SCREEN: Its great! nice resolution with larger dpi. big enough, you don't want a phone larger than this for daily use. 
 
2. UI: software is awesome. out of the box android. there is not much visible difference between jellybean and kitkat. They say there are performance upgrades. But Moto g performs every task in a blink with both versions, Its buttery smooth. Google now is great, its like moto g is not your phone but a SLAVE. :) Internet is very fast for browsing. 
 google apps are great. 
 
3. STORAGE: You will want a 16gb as soon as you get your hands on this mobile. so possibly go for 16gb version. 
 
4. BUILD: build quality is awesome. Moto g feels rich, it has got sexy figure and looks with great material. 
 
5. Battery: 2070mah, 
it looks less by digits when compared to some lenevos. But trust me this battery even with such a big screen &amp; greater resolution still outperforms many giants in mobile world. 
I have been tracking battery performance with screenshots of details. Below are the findings. 
 
a. With continuous 3G mobile data ON, it will last for not more than 15 hours. Screen on time considered about 4 hours. Many people will post images of 2-3 days or more back up (with very less screen on time, and wifi) but trust me if you are using internet you will consume more screen time. (more back up is expected if screen ON time is less) Here you will feel cheated as motorola promises back of at least 24 hours. But still it is far better than other phones. 
 
b. Using wifi for internet will save a lot of battery and moto g will last for more hours. but many of us use mobile data connection, So we get less back up. 
 
c. gaming reduces the back up considerably 
 
d. Upgrade to kitkat reduces the back up. battery drains very fast. Experts say this is common and observed after upgrading to kitkat, Battery will shift to give original back up after few days. Personally i wont upgrade, its not much difference otherwise. 
 
e. Music through headset consumes very less battery. :) 
 
f. i will suggest not to use charger other than provided. 
 
g. after overnight charge. I got it alive for 6AM-10PM. for normal mixed usage. 
 
h. With single sim only and wifi on for all day, After 12 hours i still have 70% left. i wonder if using single sim betters the output.. 
 
6. Accessories: Charger is great, headphone are cheap. no data cable. 
 
7. Price for money factor: YES. you will feel its much more worth than you paid for. It slaps right in the face of every mobile in its price segment and even expensive phones upto 20K. 
 
8. Glitches and bugs 
a. Observed no voice on call connect at once. restarting solved it. 
b. Observed Blurry menu and icons twice. restarting solved it. 
c. Observed lost menu/ blank screen once. restarting solved it. 
d. Observed Lost signal at times. recaptures the signal in minute or two. 
 
9. Others and Shortcomings: 
CAMERA: if you want a good cam go for a digicam, this is a mobile phone. :P 
camera is good for occasional and light usage. Very good in daylight. Poor indoor performance. Other features: you can snap while recording a vdo, burst photo shoot, HDR 
CALL Quality: just OK, not great. 
Music: its Nice and gives good o/p for average people. Music lovers might want more. 
 
Go for Moto g if you want Google at your service with lightening speed and smoothness. 
If you want a music/camera phone, this is not you should go for. 
 
Happy Shopping! :)Moto G !..Motorola's Last masterpiece!..Moto G will be the last phone from Motorola factory, Motorola is bought by Lenovo from Google, Google has retained the moto patents and rest is being handover to lenovo, Questions arises: Will Google provide updated to Moto G in future, I am sure it will provide Kitkat update, as it has already rolled out in rest of the world. Will it get Android 5.0. Only if google considers Moto g like its nexus device we may get, Fingers crossed i had already bought a 16GB one (But i forgot to add case or cover), I feel 8GB edition is useless (u need to carry a OTG and pen drive for extra storage). Happy that its a dual sim phone and water proof is an extra capability of this phone. Its bigger battery is another advantage, It has exceeded most of the android phones in battery backup. I was thinking to buy moto g from US , But was afraid of warranty issues, Now i am relieved its just 1K priced higher than US. Will review this phone in detail after i recieve my phone. 1 star removed as motorola is aquired by lenovo. to users who are disappointed seeing it as out of stock in just 15 mins, You people all know that are several hundred people waiting for this phone for past few months, I think flipkart would have sold atleast 5-10K mobiles in just 15 minutes.Exchanged Z10 for Moto G with my Fiance..I ordered two phones last wee, a Blackberry Z10 white and a Moto G. I was planning to use Z10 for my self and Moto G for my fiance. After the both phones arrived, my fiance was a little upset that Z10 looks much sleeker than her Moto G (Girls logic), 
 
 Now i've always used iPhones so the Both OS10 of BB and Kitkat of Moto G was new to me. After using Z10 for 3-4 days and of course Moto G sometimes to play around. I found that Z10 is only stronger on paper, when it comes to performance, Moto G is more smooth, user friendly and Faster.. touch is more responsive and better. Though Z10 has more pixel destiny the display looks warmer, but in Moto G it looks much btighter and real, if u see the same picture in Moto G and Z10, You'll notice the picture more clear and brighter in Moto G. Battery has no match. So i gave an offer to my GF to exchange the phones and she was agreed on next second. She is extremely happy with her sleek Z10, And i am still exploring the features of Moto G and Kitkat. Camera of Moto G is not up to the mark compare to BB. 
 
One more thing i want to point out here is that, when i checked the Import date on the Z10 box.. it was April 2013, which means the phone was lying in the box for nearly a year or more. No doubt Z10 is not bad phone at all but i think this is a tactic from BB India to Flush out all the year old devices under the scheme of '10th anniversary Celebration' Before they have to dump them. Its more the ''Something is better than nothing scheme'' 
 
PS- Import date of Moto G is the same month i ordered the phone :-)WHAT YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THIS PHONE...Well, I somehow managed to order the 16gig in the after noon as soon as i saw it available on launch day, 6th feb and it was an awesome feeling..Fools are those who are scolding Flip and rating the product 1, coz they were thinking whether to order it or not while others grabbed it in first look. 
 
Now, about the phone this phone is really superb as much as I know I researched a lot about it coz i want value for my money. I will be writing a full review after using it (delivery date is 10th feb) 
I was looking for the phone that will suit my needed specifications. for more than 2 months I was looking and wasn't satisfied with any of the phone in the market. good phones are too costly and I was unable to decide which phone to choose 
 
What i needed - 
1.A tough rugged phone. I am careless I usually carry keys in pocket with phone and scratches makes me feel that my phone is getting old 
2. good battery life. I am tired of charging my old phone 2-3 times a day 
3. fast processor I am not that much into mobile gaming coz I prefer my PC for gaming purpose still I need a good response when I order my phone to open an app it should do it in blink of eye else its dead mister. 
4.I also needed a good display and good sound quality I love music and a little show off among friends, 
5 a camera good enough for casual use mostly for instagram and facebook. 
 
What I am getting is - 
 
1. Corning gorilla 3 protection which is scratch proof even if you try to scratch it with keys 
2. water resistant (oops I accidentally put my phone with my clothes to wash good lord its alive). 
3. snapdragon 400 1.2 gh (I saw reviews on youtube and its almost as fast as nexus 4 that is 25k sometimes it was faster than samsung s4 ) 
4.display is awesome 326pixels per inch on a 4.5 inch screen and that on an apple iphone 4s its 329ppi on a 4 inch screen Impressive!!! moto g 
5.According to one of the reviews in youtube the call clarity in other phones is better but the noise cancellation in moto g is better so I guess it is for me coz i mostly work in noisy surrounding. 
6. the camera is not the best but in good light it will give you decent images with bright colors and it records 720p hd so nothing to question. 
7. customizable colored covers which will never let you feel bored the color options are really good bright and lively 
8.Dual sim - avail the best std and local offers by two service providers 
9. the phone gives 50 gb google drive space for 2 years 
10 the phone is usb otis compatible you can connect a 32 gb pendrive if extra space is needed(although i dont need it I already spent 50k on my laptop and 5k on an external drive for storage. 13 gig that is available is decent for me ) 
I think in India we are getting charger and headphones i hope so 
 
what I didn't get 
1. NFC(near field communication) only yesterday i came to know what nfc means and believe me you are not going to use it even if you get it so dont waste ur hard earned money unless ur dad is having an audi or a mercedes. 
2.expandable memory (boy that really feels but grrr why didnt they just add an expandable slot -_- 
3.A 5.5 inch screen well, I am buying a phone not a tab 
rest everything is there as far as my requirements are concerned 
As a whole I found what I was searching for 2 months and at a price less than what my budget, actually I was looking for a phone in the range 15-16k and I got this one in 14k so high cheer and Rs1000 for beer.... :) 
Although I have tried to be honest in this review but its not justified till i use it...waiting eagerlyAmazing. Just amazing!!.Firstly, I should commend flipkart on the fact that they have delivered the phone in just 17 hrs from the time I placed the order. This is the fastest ever delivery that I have received from you guys and I really love that you understand that the customers would be anxious to see the phone immediately especially when bought on the date of release. 10/10 for the fantastic delivery. 
 
********** 
 
I bought two phones back to back. Sony Xperia SP (for me) and Moto G (for my dad). 
I have to say I am now envious about some of the things that make this phone stand out. The price point is attractive and its simply the best mid-range phone available in the market. I have to say it has one of the loudest speakers on a phone in recent times, it just blew my mind how powerful the speakers really are. The performance is brisk, something you dont see in this price point also it comes with Gorilla Glass 3 which is found only in phones at 30k+ range. The display is fantastic and the touch response is fluid. The only con I can find in this phone is its limited 16GB storage but for a normal user who wants to watch movies once in a while its the best phone. The battery life is another great feature of this phone. I am getting great battery performance from this phone, it goes on and on for nearly 2 days on one charge. Though the charging takes a while to reach 100%. 
 
Overall, if you are looking for a phone at this price range you just cannot go wrong with the Moto G. Welcome Back Motorola. A toast to your great return to the Indian market.Awesome phone: handles everything with ease.Review after 1 month of use: 
Busting some Myths: 
 
1. Camera is poor: Camera is not that bad.... its good for normal usage..... go get a DSLR if you are into photography :p .... You still can get decent shots with moto g if you know how to shoot 
 
2.Small capacity of battery (2070 mAh): Battery does a good job.... lasts one day or more.... Playing games (like NFS most wanted) for an hour or more.........battery doesnt drain like other smartphones (indian/chinese brands) in this price range 
 
3. Ram is lesser than other indian phones at same price: Its not a myth actually but true... Most of the indian phones with mediatek chipset comes with 1.5 or 2 Gb ram at this price range... whats the use of 2gb ram? if the phone lags while performing a simple task such as opening MENU or scrolling through the menu , camera interface... Such phones boast 13 mp camera (which lags all the time).... QUANTITY DOES'NT MATTER.... QUALITY DOES.... actually 2 gb ram does matter if RAM's performance is good which is not the case for XYZ phones :p 
 
I got 16gb version..... if u need more space (for movies/ songs) you may carry a pendrive.(you can connect a pendrive, usb keyboard, mouse, gamepad (if compatible) to your MOTO G using a usb OTG cable ) 
If you are concerned about MOTOROLA being a LENOVO company..... consider that Lenovo is the world&rsquo;s No.&thinsp;4 smartphone brand 
AND there are MOTOROLA service centres in india 
the flipkart bill which i got,, mentioned a MOTO service centre near my location (just 3 km from my house) 
 
Moto G runs smooth ........can handle any task (games, apps.... whatever you like)..... looks good... feels premium...... is water resistant too.......... what else you want at this price?? 
GO FOR ITPhone Review after a week's use...Hello Everyone, 
   I ordered a MotoG 16GB on 2nd March(Midnight) and received on 4th March. As usual, Flipkart is best at its delivery if we provide a proper delivery address. 
Coming to performance of the phone, This is my review after using few other smart phones for past 5 years and using this MotoG for a week... 
1)Battery: 
While I play games for around 3-4 hrs, optimize display brightness and keep my wi-fi/3G always on (sync only when necessary)., battery comes comes down to 10% after 24 hrs (appx). Without playing games, it comes more than 30hrs. Is there any other smartphone that provides a better battery backup in this segment?.. 
2)Performance: 
-&gt; I play Real Racing 3, Asphalt and few other games that contain good graphics, and there is absolutely no lag. Touch is very smooth and I feel like apps floating. 
-&gt;Detects Wi-Fi network quickly as soon as we enter into the network area. 
-&gt;GPS and mobile Signal strength are very good. I used a same SIM in my Samsung Galaxy SL and Moto G, and the signal strength is pretty good in Moto G compared to Smasung. 
3)Others: 
-&gt;Phone is very handy and it is easy to operate with single hand. My thumb reaches any corner of the screen while I keep it in my palm. 
-&gt;Inbuilt apps like Moto Assist and Moto Migrate are very helpful. 
-&gt;Speaker is loud enough for ringtone as well as music and videos. 
-&gt;Camera quality is good enough, there may be little glitch under low light conditions but for a phone at this price I'm pretty happy with its quality. Moreover there is an inbuilt flash available for low light conditions. 
-&gt;Build quality of the phone is very good and due to its curve design and matty back panel, it fits perfectly in our palm with a good touch feel... :) 
Cons: 
-&gt;Regarding phone, no complaints as of now.. 
-&gt;No data cable and bad earphones are the only drawbacks. 
 
Final Note: If your are looking for a good smart phone and if you are not a rich kid to throw away money for costly iPhones and HTC's, there is no better phone than MOTOG under 25k...Extremely delicate phone and non existent after sales service.I had ordered the phone on 10th February 2014 and was delivered to me by flipkart on the 24 of February 2014,after a few days of using the phone and found it to be excellent for the price point at which it has been offered,but this feeling started to fade away when my phone accidently fell from the sofa(not more than a foot high) and the LCD cracked.I was shocked so see how delicate the phone was, next I contacted the Authorized Motorola Service Centers and found out that the display is not covered under warranty and would cost me anywhere around Rs 4500- Rs 5000 to get the phone repaired and that it would be done once the part is made available to them by Motorola and that it would be done only after the 1st of April, which later got postponed to the 4th of April and then the 9th of April and now I get to know that it wouldn&rsquo;t be repaired any time before next week. Also these service centers are not Motorola dedicated,they repair all makes of phones be it blackberry or Sony for that matter.All in all what I have got from Motorola is an extremely bad after sales service experience and a phone that lasted only a few days.Calm down guys... All of us will get Moto-G, from other online dealers if not from FK.Listen guys, try to order it from FK, and even then if you don`t get one, then chill, you have waited for months, so just wait for 2 more weeks, and then this phone`s 16 gb and 8 gb version will be available in other websites, its not that its not going to be available anymore. 
So, JUST CHILL... Its just a phone, and nothing else. 
 
But one thing is for sure, that, FK has tried max to handle it properly, but bcz of the huge demand, things have gone wrong. 
 
FK is not doing it on purpose..Moto G.Hi Flipkart Team 
 
My order no is OD40212005603 .I have ordered the Moto G 16 GB on 12th Feb but still it is stuck on the first step &quot;Your order has been placed&quot; .People who have order later than me have already Moto G 16 GB . 
 
I am not sure how you processing the order but it should first order first dispatch basis .You are taking unfair advantage of your monopoly for this Mobile .I am sure Lenovo/Motorola is listening and wouldn't repeat this same mistake again . 
 
GauravTerrible Post Sale Service experience, Flipkart backed-out from the commitment of 30 day return Policy.Hi, 
I have bought this phone on 28th Feb and unfortunately it got water damaged, and time came for after sale service and actual reliability and service, and these guys failed completely to provide service, first they gave a list of service centers of Delhi NCR, and none of those exists so far, and when contacted customer care and asked for service center and visited that, and then they say &quot;we don't have process and instructions for out of service products and come after some days&quot; and when i followed for 5-7 days, now they says repairing cost would be equal to new mobile cost. 
This is what happens when we go for such brands like useless MOTOROLLA, 
I have taken this product in trust that it is now a GOOGLE company surely they would provide better service but and nothing worked and it was complete wastage of money, 
I would suggest not to go with this product at all as this may happen with any of us.... 
Cheaper price never means better service and products, cheaper price=cheaper service and even complete wastage of money......... 
I contacted to Flipkart 15 days ago to take the phone back as it was having some issues, but these guys backed out from the commitment 
MotoRolla......Go to hellGood phone but still has some issues.Since Flipkart ran out of 16G stocks soon after launch, I settled down on 8GB model as soon as this was available again on Flipkart. The handset feels solid. It is not among the most attractive designs though. Screen resolution and feel is excellent. Colours, brightness, viewing angles and reflections are acceptable. No complaints in that department, although occasionally screen touch needs multiple retires when browsing (no heavy duty apps in background). 
 
Connecting to my Wi-Fi AP with WPA was smooth. However, even when the phone shows full/good Wi-Fi signal strength, close to the AP, most apps (e.g. youtube, google play, email) frequently complain about the lost connectivity (I have uncongested 2 Mbps Ethernet broadband, and even switched off other devices to ensure the entire bandwidth is available for this phone). 
 
USB OTG initially worked only in read-only mode. The phone showed about 5.2 GB available for user. FM player requires the earphones (antenna wire) to be plugged in, and receiver displays RDS text on preferred stations (*ed). 
 
On Saturday, I upgraded to Android 4.4.2. Upgrade was smooth, it did consume significant storage, but I think it was expected. Even after the upgrade, the Wi-fi intermittent drop issue persists, and Moto helpdesk so far has been of no use. 
 
I also noticed another issue - playing video files other than ones recorded by its own camera. Tried 720p x264 with AC-3 Audio, doesnt play audio and video aborts after playing for a few seconds. Disappointment. Tried multiple files with similar resolution and the result is the same. MP3 plays well, sound is crisp and clear. Tried the stock player, as well as ES File manager. FLAC files also sound well, although the FLAC native player (Google) has to stay in foreground, and cant open any other app when FLAC audio is playing. Strange. 
 
One pleasant surprise - after the OS upgrade, the read-only OTG enabled full Read-Write.Speed is slow. I am using 32GB flash drive. The naming convention changed to be more friendly after upgrade. I found some less frequently performed tasks (e.g. editing phonebook) has become more difficult with the upgrade. The Camera shutter lag also increased after the upgrade (I guess due to increased processing on focus etc). I like the cellular signal strength bars changing color to orange when roaming, and t he white blinking LED to notify messages. 
 
Setting up Yahoo and Exchange accounts through the provided mail client was smooth, and interface is great. However, the phone doesnt recognize my outlook account. Always says password incorrect. Tried everything including changing password etc. works through browser but not through stock mail client. 
 
Phone battery lasts much longer, better than I expected (I compared to my other Samsung phone with similar 2000mAh with 4&quot; screen, with similar usage). Wish Flipkart had the flip covers available in stock, and wish it honoured the 1st day launch offer. I still could not get hold of the cover. Are you listening FlipKart?Worth the Wait!! :).I have been following the Moto G evolution for a long while and was eager to get my hands on one ASAP. Overjoyed when the G was unveiled on flipkart, sad when the 16GB version sold out, couldn't wait and ordered the 8GB version. And, absolutely loving my new kick-ass Moto G. 
 
Flipkart's service was as always, impeccable. They delivered a day earlier than projected and the delivery came in a nice little package. I've enjoying my phone for the last two days now, and wow, it works like a dream. I decided to go bare-naked with this one, no screen protector or cover of any sort- don't wanna tarnish that awesome, unbelievably vibrant screen and have been enjoying a zero-lag, fully spectacular performance. Psst- All that hype about the Moto G is truly worth it!! 
 
Only thing that you might have to be careful about is that with the 8GB model, you are only getting about 5GB of actual storage. The rest is eaten away by the system. If you a looking to stock your phone like an Eskimo's fridge, look for the 16GB version. 
 
And have fun! Thanks flipkart for being you. Never change.Why this an Exceptional Phone at Exceptional Price...?.I will give you 10 reasons... 
 
1) DISPLAY : You won't get a display of this quality for this price. It is simply stunning. 
I will say why. This phone has a 4.5 inch display with 720 x 1280 pixels (~326 ppi pixel density). Human eye is not able to differentiate any detailing above 300 ppi. So this the best that you can see with your eyes (even if you look at a phone with 450 ppi) . I have compared this display with a Nexus 5 and to my wonder this 720p display felt more rich and true than the 1080p display of a 33k phone. This is no exaggeration but the truth. The display stood par with the Note 3 display (only the video quality in the screen is discussed here) 
 
2) PROCESSOR : 1.2 Ghz quad core Snapdragon 400 processor is immensely powerful. The device will feel butter smooth at all times and processing power won't bother you at any point of time. Switching between apps, gaming, 1080p video playback everything is handled exceptionally well. 
 
3)GPU : They are giving you a phone at this price with a GPU, that itself is something great. Adreno 305 is the GPU. So far it handled Asphat 8, GT Racing and few high end graphics demanding games very well without any frame skip or lag or delay. The game play is super smooth. 1080p video playback was way better in this phone than many phones which were priced at 20k. 
 
4) CORNING GORILLA GLASS 3 : No other phone in this price bracket comes with gorilla glass. It is scratch and shatter proof (as claimed). So you can say a premium feature in a premium phone is there in Moto G which gives you peace of mind while using it. 
 
5) NANO COATING : Yes your phone is waterproof though it is told as spill resistant. This is something you can't even see in a 33k Nexus 5. So you get more than what you pay. 
 
6)ANDROID 4.4 : You get a Kitkat version of android for this price bracket. The experience is flawless. But thd Kitkat update i would say is 95% complete , 5% is still jellybean (like icons, apps wiget separation in menu, long press menu in home screen etc) 
 
7) DECENT FRONT CAM : The 1.3 MP front cam is pretty good and it serves your purpose of video calls fairly well. Many phones in this price range to around 20k has 0.3MP front cam, so again here you get more than what you pay. Back cam is also decent and i won't say it is totally bad. Touch focus and HDR mode and good light gives you good results. Low light performance is poor. 
 
8)BATTERY : I don't know how this phone with 4.5 inch display and quad core processor is able to stay the whole day with a 2070 mAh battery, but it does manage to do that. The battery backup is really a strong point of this phone, when compared with any other phone of this range or any other range. I do remember Samsung S4 mini battery was draining like anything and it can't manage to stay up till noon with extensive usage. 
 
9) OTG : The phone supports usb 2.0 devices with an OTG cable. I tried a pendrive and Playstation joystick and both were supported. And sadly Nexus 5 failed here too. 
 
10) MISCELLANEOUS : The phone feels sturdy in hand, built quality is way beyond exceptional, phone looks really cool and very similar to the flagship phone Moto X, replaceable back covers which suits your taste and looks trendy, decent loudspeaker, 3.5mm headphone out is good, call quality good, Custom ROM for many more Android versions expected as there was for Motorola defy(support from Froyo to KitKat), if so this phone can stay very alive for next 2 years or beyond. 
 
In short this is an MVFM phone (More Value For Money)Very poor service from Motorola India.I purchased Moto G 16GB for my wife a month ago. After 15 days the screen (display) accidentally cracked. I took the set to the Motorola authorised service center- Reddington India limited in Jaipur. I was told the broken display is not covered in warranty (which is OK and I was willing to pay), but they cannot replace the display as they have not got parts from Motorola India. I spoke to the regional head of Motorola, who assured me that the parts would reach Jaipur in 2-3 days and that he will inform me. I kept waiting- no call, and no parts in service center either. I also contacted Motorola India through email- but they had no answers. For last 15 days I am constantly trying to get the set repaired, but to no avail. 
So, effectively we have not been able to use the set for last 15 days (and would not be able to use it for I do not know how long). I think it is highly inappropriate to launch any product without service provisions. Instead of creating so much hype and advertising, Motorola India should first strenghthen their services and ensure availability of parts. 
I am highly disappointed by Motorola and in future would stick to Samsung/Sony/LG/Nokia.Hats off to Flipkart &amp; Moto G.FLIPKART.... 
 
One of the best Online stores in India... Thanks for ascertaining the project of selling Moto G. If any other seller did it, i would've not purchased.... Trust keeps on increasing... 
 
Packaging is Good, Tracker is Excellent... 
 
MOTO G.... 
 
Pros... 
 
Perfect in Hands... 
Display is Stunning (326 ppi) 
Speaker is Good loud.. 
Plays 1080p videos perfectly.... 
Slow motion video recording is interesting... 
Processor are really as fast as Moto GP(Bike Racing) 
Battery back up is enough for a heavy user... 
Water replant... Many are demonstrated in You tube... 
Finally KITKAT update is the best of all..... 
 
Advantage of Internal Memory : 
You can install as many as games and apps to the extent of 12.90GB.. 
(In SD card mobiles you are limited to install apps &amp; games also you cannot move them from internal memory to external SD card) 
Never worry about SD card option... 
 
Cons : 
 
If you opt for another mobile for less than 25K then its a cons... 
 
Best Phone to buy.... 
 
My Rating for Moto G is 9.8/10. 
 
ThanksBest value Hardware/Software combination.I booked 16gb on 6th afternoon by COD. Could not book flip cover as the web site was not fully updated about the flip cover status. Ordered Same day delivery. With in an hour I received an voice mail asking me to confirm the order. I confirmed it. But Delivery could not be done on same day as booking was made after 12.00am. The item was delivered next day about 3.00 pm. From FlipKArt Tracking web pages I could completely track the order status every stage from order confirmation , packing, delivery to hub in Bangalore, transport to Chennai hub, Delivery from Chennai Hub etc etc. till my house. Terrific job by FlipKart. 
 
To my pleasant surprise I also received an Email on 6th night from Flipkart customer support that I can also avail the 70% discount on flip cover/shell any time from 7th feb till 31st march. 
 
Regarding The phone, it is simply superb. There is hardly anything negative to say. May be the battery could have more capacity. Still the current battery lasts for a whole 24 hrs.all with gaming, continuous on wifi browsing etc. 
Motorola has already updated my phone to kitkat 4.4 yesterday. The stock 4.4 has very clean intuitive interface. Google/motoG combination has a winner here. 
Please remember majority of current smartphone users will not be using more than email/whatsapp/skype and little bit of gaming/browsing/mapdirection etc.. All these frequent/most used activities are made simple and intuitive by the software/hardware combination delivered with a fantastic display. 
The 1.3mpixel front camera is just perfect for skype video calls over our indian wifi/home broadband connections. 
The voice recognition feature (O.K.Google voice command activation etc) combined with offline Google Translation feature (indian LAnguage support is available) is particularly fascinating. 
I feel though the features/price point could have been a bit lower. This might happen in future models. But right now the MotoG is the phone to buy.Ordered on 8 Feb still havent shipped.cant wait 
its been 11 days 
seriously its annoying .... 
at least i hope i dont get a faulty device which some unlucky Customers got. 
well lets seeGreat product at price tag of INR 13999.I bought 16 GB at 13999 on day of launch, which is a great product considering this price range. Good touch &amp; processing/ response time - so if you are willing to spend this much, don't waste time to evaluate other product at least next for 2-3 months until something else better comes out. 
 
Samsung products stand no where of price range up to 18000. 
 
Quality does not justify the price (1600), not worth for more than INR 300-400 although as such acceptable quality if you still want to buy it. 
 
It was delivered within the time as promised and overall transaction was smooth. 
 
I ordered this on the day of launch but i couldn't understand how the inventory of the phone &amp; accessories was going out of stock in every couple of hours and was being made available in next few hours, how is this possible. 
 
I see this more like a viral &amp; psychological marketing to make some kind of pressure on customers, not expected from flipkart at least, otherwise overall experience good.now i m in a fix................i bought a Moto G 16 gb.hey only got my new moto g delivered yesterday I must say that the delivery service of flipkart is awesomely good,,,,,,,,, anyways.. this phone is supposed to be my gift from my wife.. the phone n everything looks very good...but when I did put a micro sim in the phone the sim card is not being detected but its perfectly working in my wife's HTC phone.....now when I am reading the international review they are saying that after Motorola introduced the Kit kat version of its software this problem has cropped up.....now suggest me what I do n where should I go...if I want to go for a refund or replacement how is that supposed to be done. . please help as I expected a lot of this phone.... and I hate to gv it a 01 star.....good phone....but kitkat update disapointed.1. display; display is like iphone 5s, touch is so sensetive... 
2. sound; sound is good on loud...but poor on headphn 
3. prosessor ; ram is 1 gb enough and all of high end games play like butter... 
4 battery; battery is good enough for a smart phone (8am to 11pm) . in my usage 20 mins of calls, 4 hours browsing, 3 hrs of highend games and then battery is remain 30%. 
5.camera; 5 mp camera is outstanding for a mobile phn..i test galaxy quaddro camera same price range phone...but moto g camera is best its give us clear picture and focal lenth is so good 
6. android os ; 4.4(kitkat) is a good update for improve battery , prosessor and ram speed up...but suddenly i was seing sim is not working but network is full. data was enabled but not receiving .....its a big fault on kitkat....i think google fix dis update soon....come on flipkart do it quick ...other wise i return the phone on 30 days replacement policy baseA Great Phone.... Period.Hi, 
 
Ordered this via Flipkart on 19th Feb 14 and got it on 28th... Pleasantly surprised to see that it was Kitkat 4.4.2 out of the box!! Smooth. Powerful and functional.. Right away installed Asphalt 8 ( a Graphics intensive racing game ) and for last three days it runs smooth without a problem.. Battery awesome.. Camera.. Good enough for me. 
 
Now i have heard lot of Negativity for this phone.. call clarity, dual SIM problems..blah blah.. All of that is BS.. I ABSOLUTELY HAVE NONE!!... Its a gr8 phone at this price point...If you have a problems Guys... Just replace it...Simple.. No rocket science there... ;) 
 
Bought this for my brother who just loves it..!! A feature not most people mention is the nano coating.. To get that on a value budget phone is a real plus for me.. Kudos Motorola!! 
 
Overall a great Buy.. My first Moto phone after Moto RAZR (flip version) 
 
Highly recommended..Dynamite.So this phone has been an eyeopener for people thinking 10 to 15k android phones are crap (which they are) except this one. This gives phones twice its cost a run for its money. 
 
Been using this device for a day now and I am truly a happy camper. 
 
Blind Buy Folks. Go for it and you will not regret it and BTW Motorola is now a Lenovo company. Although, this phone was designed and executed by Moto and Google.Moto G - Best Value for Money Phone.Disappointed to see so many bad reviews for this great phone. I am unable to understand how can people buy this phone without looking at what is in the box and complain about USB cable or Headphones. This simply undermines the value this product delivers. Here is what I think are the BEST features of this little beast - 
 
1. Gorilla Glass 3 - Missing in some above 20K phones. 
2. Awesome Battery life 
3. KitKat 4.4 - Latest and the greatest, no bloatware or stupid apps that you cannot remove 
4. Processor - Decent engine on board, no lag; processor and UI go hand in hand 
5. Rubberized back - No fingerprints, less scratches 
 
Another winning feature is the ability to customize this phone. 
 
Yes this phone has a limited memory (no expandable slot), but people prefer to buy Sony Experia series at 22K and not complain about it! Strange. Same with fixed battery. 
 
USB cable not included, for god's sake but it for Rs. 40 at flipkart. It has a generic headphone jack, you can get a headphone starting Rs 95 at flipkart or buy Sennheiser at Rs 75K. 
 
Please search for other phones in same price range, you will get Micromax, Karbonn, Gionee etc. No offence to these brands, but please do check their SAR values and you would see how MotoG is better on this aspect too. 
 
On Service, yes there are limited service centers, but let me ask you, has Samsung, Nokia, or LG replaced anything for Free? even under warranty? Never happened with me. So if you have to pay anyways, you can take this out of the equation. 
 
Hope this helps!Just like a high end phone.To start off with, this phone is just amazing. 
If you're thinking of buying it Just go for it wait no more. 
 
Now going for my views. 
The phone is just simply amazing, android KitKat 4.4. 
Alot of phones like samsung GayLaxy S3 don't even have it. I ordered it on the first day from flipkart the service was amazing as i opt. for one day delivery and till date i am using it. fell from my hand like 5-6 times, on a concrete, wooden floor even bathroom and yet nothing happened. it works flawlessly. I Am much more of a gamer and to be honest this phone runs almost every game. I can play Asphalt 8 on the &quot;very high&quot; display mode and it still runs smoothly. till date my phone is only left with 345MB of free space and still it hasn't hanged. Not even once. 
now coming to Pros And Cons which everyone is typing but mine are just a lil bit diff.(Should be :p ) 
 
Pros: 
1.Quad core 1.2 Ghz can handle alot of tasks 
2.On screen buttons. ( some of you might take it as a negative point but trust me it's really good and user friendly) 
3.Corning Gorrila glass 3. Used the phone without a scratch guard for first 3 weeks and not even a single scratch. 
4.Loudestest speaker. literally its THE one of the loudest phone in terms of audio. 
5. 1 gig Of ram. A phone of 12K and you still get 1 Gig of ram. what else do you need? :D 
6. High end GPU. it can handle tasks as well as run games pretty well and neatly plus it's one of the strongest contender to samsung Gaylaxy s3 and grand 2. 
7. Bluetooth 4. Fast. really fast. 
8. USB OTG support.( Usb On the go) which means you CAN attach A separate USB flash drive to it! isn't that amazing ? also, with the help of a micro Usb adapter you can connect your Wireless mouse/keyboard to it and use it on your phone! like the cursor literally appears on th ephone's screen! 
9.Screen clarity. IF you're paying 12.5 Rs and still getting a 720p screen. that's something you can brag about! 
 there are many more features but now I can think of these only. 
 
Now coming to Cons. 
there aren't many but these are enough to just make you wonder why didn't they remove it on the first day. 
1.Camera quality. before this phone I used lumia 710 and the picture quality on lumia was amazing but switching to it...well it's not that bad but could have been better. 
2.No EXPANDABLE STORAGE! like what in the world is wrong with them? i have an 8GB model and now I am only left with 345 Mb. and now this really irritating error keeps getting on my nerve &quot;insufficient storage available&quot; like even if I am installing an app of only 2.4 Mb it shows this stupid message and it can't even update the apps now. 
only one solution for this. BUY the 16 GB model. (though you can root it and then remove the error but that's just might be a bit tough for most of people.) 
 
aaaand that's it. no other con. 
 
arguments done by haters. 
 
Use of NFC. most people (usually samsung galaxy Owners) complain that this phone lacks NFC. just ask them how many times in their life have they used it? 
 
No expandable storage. Buy the 16 Gb model. 
 
Camera well I don't use my phone as a DSLR or any photography device or something. If i really want to do a photoshoot I can use a DSLR or any digi cam. plus the photo quality isn't that bad either. 
 
last but not the least. 
&quot;AAh it's MOTOROLA&quot; If you read thoroughly then you will notice it says &quot;A google Company&quot; (Now owned by lenovo) but the Moto G is under google and google is THE creator of ANDROID so obviously the phone has to be such awesome! 
 
If you're thinking of buying then just already click the &quot;BUY NOW&quot; button. :D 
thank you.Amazing Value for Money!.This phone reached me within 1 day of ordering on the launch and it's almost 3 weeks now with this mobile. With update to KitKat, the phone performs seamlessly and the battery life is too good. The camera is quite decent for general photography and uploads to social networking, while it might struggle in low-light, but that can be overlooked upon as a minor of the minor flaws in this otherwise brilliant device. 
 
Many people complain about battery and other issues after upgrading to Kitkat but there is absolutely no issues even after upgrade and infact the battery usage is better after the upgrade. 
 
Call clarity, battery, faster performance and stunning screen makes this phone an absolute beauty. And for this price, few minor issues like low-light photos, restricted storage can be easily ignored. This is absolutely Value for Money and one of the best mobiles in it's range. 
 
Once again Flipkart delivered on its promises with a single day delivery on launch with all the offers mentioned.Great product within 12k.Initially, I ignored to go through the specifications of the product considering the fact that it will be the same as any other product available in the market. However, I really astonished when I came to know about the product just 03 days before the Holi. The facts are here &ndash; 
1.	I am not in favor of purchasing a big budget mobile because around 6 years ago I was made scapegoat when Nokia launched N72 with a purchase tag of 25k. Within a year the price came down to 14k and finally I had to sell the product to a buyer at 2k only. This kind of experience makes me think at least 10 times while purchasing big budget products. Accordingly, I have decided that I will never purchase a mobile of budget more than 12k. Hence, MOTO G is absolutely complying my requirement. 
2.	My friends have recently purchase other mobile sets and the size of the screen quite larger. Once upon a time I was discussing about screen size with one of my friend. I really impressed with his mobile of screen size more than 4 inch. None the less you are going to use applications like your gmail, hangout, wechat, skype, video calls etc. You need to have screen size more than 4 inch for operating these applications without any irritation. MOTO G of size 4.5 inch perfectly fits with this requirement. 
3.	3-4 years ago I purchased a Samsung mobile whose internal memory was only 170 MB. I really got frustrated when the mobile stopped receiving SMSs citing the reason that there is no memory available. Ultimately, my frustration forced me to purchase a new mobile with more and more internal memory. MOTO G has 8 GB and 16 GB internal memory. I preferred, 8 GB as the other one has exceeded my budget. 
4.	I have a great experience of Samsung mobile. The Samsung products are normally good. However, the price tag is very high. Hence, I was looking for other options available in the market considering the fact that I have the income of upper middle class in India and MOTO G is my solution. 
5.	The first and foremost thing for which I preferred MOTO G is that it has Jelly bean 4.3 which is upgradable to 4.4 (kit-kat). Other mobiles of having higher version of Android operating system will cost you more than 15k. Hence, MOTO G is the perfect solution. 
6.	Other specifications like display, RAM memory, sound quality; Camera, connectivity etc. are very good within the range of 12k. 
7.	Finally, I have decided to have this product considering the fact that there is ongoing Holi cash back offer on Filpkart.com and there is a discount of 10% of purchase value by using Axis bank cards which ultimately reduces the original price tag to 11k.User Review.Breif: 
   + Awesome HD Display, Color reproduction is awesome 
   + Call Qaulity Top notch, (Vodafone, New Delhi) 
   + Surprisingly good Music Quality (with Sony EXP110L) 
   + Phone is Loud. 
   + Camera Great Outdoors, indoor shots require flash 
   + BATTERY IS A MONSTER, 2% down after 2 hours of Browsing on Wi-Fi 
   + Good Grip, optimum weight and Good Looks 
   + Gorrila Glass. 
 
   - No External SD Card slot. 
   - Kit-Kat Update not yet available for Dual Sim version in INIDA. (available in malaysia currently). 
 
Detailed: 
 
   Display: 
      One of the best display i have seen till now in this price range, Vibrant colors, very bright screen with very good color reproduction. Gorilla glass is awesome too, no need for a scratch guard if you are not related to Wolverine. 
 
   Processor: 
       I will not go into the geeky specs, but this baby has handled everything pretty well till now, no issues there, the phone has never hung up on me. 
 
   RAM: 
     Again more than enough, i have tried with 17 Apps simultaneously, and all worked effortlessly. 
 
   Network: 
      No issues with Wi-Fi or 3G, Call Quality is awesome. 
 
   Memory: No SD card slot, 8GB means 8GB thats it. 
 
   Camera: Good for a 5MP, Outdoor shots are great, indoor shots are not that great without flash, so Ample light needed when clicking pics. 
      Secondary camera is just 1.3MP, so i did not expect any HD there, but the results were below PAR, Secondary camera is a thums down, but not many phones offer a secondary camera at this price. 
 
   BATTERY: ******************* AWESOME ***************************** 
       This can be its selling factor.... has been able to handle almost like a Laptop....Moto G is going to turn tables on the Samsung and the Sony's presence in entry level smartphones.This is not going to be a technical introspection. 
I received the phone a few days back and reordered another one. At this price point and with the offers which Flipkart had in the launch day, it costed me 1.5 K lesser. Made it even e attractive. 
The screen is bright and in terms of ppi, this is very close to the iPhone. Immediately after I received the phone, I got the Kitkat update...Another plus point...The battery is good and lasts the entire day. There is no lag while moving between screens or playing youtube...I am not a gaming person so did not test the same with games, but I am sure that the phone would offer decent performance. I was going through the various unboxing reviews and this phone (which released in the US did not have a charger) has the charger with the earphones. Though the earphones is nothing to write home about, the overall package is exciting. The packaging too is minimal which is how Motorola have managed to keep costs down. The only downside to this phone is that it does not have an expandable memory...Other than that, this is an excellent entry level smartphone. I am enjoying it as is other owners.if you want to purchase this device so plz read my review..it is helpful for u....mind blowing screen...wat a screen boss....really awsum.....touch is very responsive n all d given features r good...only drwback is camera...camera quality is not good...canvas hd camera is better than this device....luking premium....battery life is average....kitkat upgradeable...latest android version....dis is better than indo-chinese....m satisfy with d device..affordable price...luking premium boss....temple rum performs well.....3g spped is good...its a GOOGLE product..dnt think its motrola fon...a GOOGLE company...now google sold motorola mobility to lenovo...google product mean pure android experience....... 
IF U THINK TO BUY NEW DEVICE ..GO FOR IT.... 
thoda manage krna pdga boss.....i hope this review help people... 
NOW IN HINDI.. 
badiya screen hai boss....gajab ki screen h...bhut vadiya h...touch bht acha ..makhan h touch....camera ko chhod ke sab kuch achha hai boss....battery bhi achhi khasi chal jati h...12500 me sabse acha fon h...google ne khud banaya h...motorola ko khrid lia tha uske bad ye fon aya h...bdia h boss agar aap camera avoid kr skte h to...i hpoe it is helpfull....umeed krte h ki review apki madat krega....allah hafizGood not Great.Every body knows pros of moto g, i just used this phone for 3 days and i found some drawbacks or limitations 
 
Camera: 
Moto G sports a 5MP rear and a 1.3MP front facing camera. The front facing camera is great! But at low light camera feels terrible 
 
Call quality: 
The call quality on the Moto G isn&rsquo;t all that great compared to the other phones. Though you shouldn&rsquo;t dwell on as it isn&rsquo;t such a big problem. Bottom line is that the call quality is average at the best, and I had network trouble connecting call to my Moto g 
 
Box Accessories: 
The accessories like headphones and charger comes with Moto g is poor. Charger tends to heat up quickly and add to that it doesn&rsquo;t have any data cables. 
 
Battery: 
My phone which is an 8 GB variant lasted for only 12 hours on an average use 
 
Memory Expansion: 
The Moto G is available in 8GB and 16GB. So if you like to store all your music, videos and large games on your phone this could create a problem since there isn&rsquo;t a micro sd card slot available. 
 
I hope somebody finds it useful.....Awesome Product.I recently bought this phone after my Galaxy Note died with a motherboard failure, I seriously thought that i should buy this phone as a cheap alternative and maybe change to a Galaxy note equivalent later. As i read reviews for this phone I realized that this phone is way more than that. Its build quality is great, screen resolution is superb( 
326 ppi), phone is sturdy does not feel flimsy, the processor is great and Whatsapp, facebook, twitter, gmail, and Hayday (all are App Names ) run extremely smooth, the screen is just right could have been more but that's just coz i was a Note user.(:D) . The software is just too good, it is smoother than any budget phone out there and faster than any budget phone out there. Google and Motorola have given you just the things you need no frills. 
I previously used two phones for two numbers but this phone solved the issue with dual sim, and works flawlessly. 
Couple of things prospective buyers should keep in mind 
1.) Its under 15000 so do not expect it do have a kicker Camera, camera is ok and only for personal pics and not for photography experts 
2.) It is not and does not market itself to be a gaming machine , though it plays games like real racing 3 and other such games flawlessly but lags if played for long duration 
3.) It is non expandable memory , i bought the 8gb one and gave me 5.2 GB of storage, so one has to be judicious in the songs and videos you put on the device 
 
To conclude, this product shows that it need not be expensive for it to be awesome.Moto G - Motu in all features Chotu in price.I waited 3months from launch of this product from Google and 25days to post this review. 
 
Product is Good in all aspects for the price tag. 
I don't want specifically tell pros ans cons in detail as many had discussed them, but tell my experience after using for more than 25 days so that the pals who are waiting for experience reviews to buy this little master piece. 
 
1. Battery: lasting for more than day on 3hrs WiFi and almost 1hr on phone call and always on WhatsApp/Facebook with 3G. 
 
2. Screen: Crisp Clear, no need of screen protection(Dude its Gorilla V3) 
 
3. Heat: A little bit on WiFi after more than an hour 
 
4. Camera: Bright pictures even in night with flash. better than Xperia M/Samsung (compared with my friends mobiles) 
 
5. GUI: No extra from Motorola only native UI. (Its up to you to have own launchers for nice UI, I had Doodle launcher) 
 
5. Overall: Good at its price, best compared to Samsung/Sony in this price range. 
 
I used Motorola Defy+ for two years before buying this &quot;G&quot; 
 
Don't wait...just Grab and EnjoyMoto G with Kit kat update -.I bought Moto G 8gb version from flipkart , i made Kit kat update yesterday and it makes me to do some review here. 
 
1) Quality : 
i use iphone 4 and moto g price impressed me to buy. The features of this phone is much better in this price range of samsung brand phone, hope all aware of the features of this and highlight are Screen size, display hd , touch interface. 
 
Power button there is no issue so far , but each time screen lock is dependent on power button , 
 
2) Performance: 
Camera is average quality and suitable only in bright sun condition. 
Gallery image view response is good , the next next photo can be slide so fast and pinch zoom is also good. 
Video play back is smooth but not to the high bright colors . there is no lag in playing hd videos using mx player. 
I played basic kids games and it is smooth and load faster. 
 
Connectivity: 
The phone has dual sim, i am currently using single sim only. 
i use 3G in mobile and in office i use free wi fi. 
Interconnect connection is smooth and work fast for chrome and other application. 
 
Issues i faced &gt;&gt; 
 
1. i have two different wifi modem from bsnl. Iphone 4 works with both wifi but moto g works with only one. similar issue with some smartphone in google search , i dont know why. 
 
2. Battery back is average for my usage. i dont like to see the charge going behind 50% so it makes me to charge 3 times a day to keep battery to above 90%, because i use office mail with push and gmail often and facebook now and then, 
 
One time i observed with normal usage , the battery drops to 10% every hour. 
 
3. After Kitkat update 
 
There are some changes in dial window and contact view. 
 
after upgrade i faced email sync issue and so everytime i need to do manual refresh. this issue seems in all kitkat smartphones. that is so bad for email users. existing calender did not sync. so there is major bug in this kitkat update. so dont upgrade from 4.3 to 4.4 till they do bug release for moto g 
 
4. Phone heats up back side soon while using internet or games. 
 
over all i say this mobile RATING is 6/10 with all mobile in market 
 
and for 12500 rs performance i can give RATING as 9/10. 
 
i am still searching for less price case for this :(bang for the buck....m/.it was a blessing in disguise for me. Moto G was launched the same day my old phn got dead. i was in no mood to lighten my pockets on galaxies formed by Samsung. flipkart was illuminated that day with Moto g. i didnt even hear the name till that day, so read reviews on flipkart n believe me...no single negative review i find about dis phn. 4.5&quot; screen is perfect size for me...above that size, phn dsnt remain handy n 329ppi on dis screen size will nt disappoint u.build quality too is vry gud n so does finishing of d phn.. n the thing which surprised me the most is its battery backup. the backup is above my expectation. although it depends on one's usage bt its definitely far better than other models of this segment even higher (upto Rs20000). the phn dsnt lag even if u hv opened 20 odd apps. graphics deliver flawless gaming experience like a high-end phn. smwhere heard of poor audio quality bt i hsnt experience nythng as such. infact audio quality is very fine(clarity is vry gud) n delivers good sound output. one thing i find weird is, it dsnt come wid a usb cable...bt it dsnt matter much as we find it in almost evry home as its very common. camera quality is fine...it produce some gud images in bright lyt...u cant expect iPhone 5s like quality in a 12000 bucks phn....read it smwhere, ppl comparing its camera quality wid vry high-end models...i hv used iPhone for 3 years n switching on dis phn was not a bad decision..n i am amazed wid d way a 12000 bucks phn performs. it hs almost evry feature that i ws looking for..perfect screen size, vry gud display, lag free perfomance, scratchless back panel...so if u r luking for a complete package with a less price tag...My pick is Moto G...in all n all your evry single penny is well spend on buying dis phn..Flipkart was great, the Moto G-not so much !.I bought this to gift my best friend. I personally use a Canvas Magnus A117 which is a very good comparable to the Moto G in terms of specs and price, except that it doesn't have a brand name behind it. 
 
A few places where moto-G screwed up: 
1) Started lagging on day 1 when we installed 5+ apps simultaneously. Doesn't lag on regular use though, but screws up on parallel processing. 
2) When you let the battery drain completely, you have to remove the sim to charge the phone again. If you don't, it doesn't charge ! This is a reported issue, it happens with a particular type of sim apparently, and Moto G team claims that they are experimenting with some new technology on charging. Whatever it is, its no fun for the user. 
 
I would suggest you guys to go with the Micromax Magnus, for the following reasons, 
1) Its a LOT FASTER 
2) It's half the width, half the weight of Moto G ( the white version of magnus is a little more bulky, still way better than Moto G) 
3) Bigger screen (this could be subjective) 
 
But then it has its flipside: 
1) No kitkat upgrade yet 
2) No Corning Gorilla glassOrdered it finally! ^_^.Missed the chance to buy at 12 AM and the stocks got over as soon as 1 AM. :O 
Then got in back from 11:30 AM but the page loaded only by 12:50 PM. Could only choose from 2 of the covers as everything else was sold out. 
Kinda disappointed with that as flipkart said the stocks will be back in the noon. 
 
About the phone: 
 
Firstly, ITS GOOGLE. That is a huge plus point. 
Hands down, its THE BEST PHONE FOR ITS PRICE. 
Better than all the micromax canvas, samsung galaxy, nokia lumia phones at this price. 
 
Upgradable to android 4.4, 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 QUAD Core Processor, 1 GB RAM, Corning Gorilla Glass 3, 329 ppi, dual sim and stock android. 
And since its google, you can get the updates easily and quickly. No need to wait. 
You also get 50 GB of google drive. 
 
The only cons with this phone are maybe its camera(its only 5 MP) and its lack of adding an external card. But come on, at this price those really don't matter. 
 
When you compare this with Micromax Canvas HD (I own one) the only difference is that the canvas boasts a better camera and it has an external memory card slot. But it still runs android 4.1.2 and its internal is just 1 GB (its actually 300 MB if you include all the pre-installed apps. But yeah you can move apps to the external, still you cannot really have a lot of apps) and you cannot rely on Micromax phones. (especially this one. The scrren suddenly stop responding 1 day after 3 months of use and it took me a whole month to get it fixed. Micromax service is pathetic.) 
 
So yeah, if you're looking for a budget everyday-use phone which has everything (almost), 
GRAB THIS BEFORE ITS GONE.Good Phone.It is a very good phone, have used it for nearly 3 weeks. I am happy and satisfied about the phone as well as Flipkart. Initially I had ordered Micromax Canvas 2.2 which was scheduled to be delivered on 06th Feb but then came to know about the Moto G being launched on the same day. I contacted Flipkart who agreed to cancel the already dispatched Canvas 2.2 and then booked the 8GB version of Moto G on the launch day (afternoon, 16 GB was out of stock by the time I could order it) which was delivered before the due date. 5 stars to Flipkart. 
 
Lot of people have already written about the pros and cons of this phone, most are true in my experience. I am happy about the phones camera, it is decent and usable. I mainly use the phone for voice calls, wi-fi is always on and use it to access internet occasionally, not used mobile data (3G) after first day, rarely play games - with all this the battery lasts 1.5 to 2 days. I have downloaded few apps, songs, etc.., still have nearly 3.5 GB of storage space left. I feel for many 8GB version would be sufficient, I do not regret ordering 8GB version. 
 
I had not ordered the flip case as did not want the phone to become bulky, I have been reminded by Flipkart to redeem the launch day gifts. I was not one of the lucky winners of 100% cash back but still very happy with MOTO G and FLIPKART.Worth its Price - 3 days of use.My first smart phone was the Samsung Galaxy S, so I am not new to high end devices with extreme features and speed, but I was shocked to see even better response with a world class screen at a budget price of 12.5k for the 8GB version. You will not find a phone today that will give you so much for this price. Flipkart delivery in 48hrs was just a complement to this product. 
 
Good things: Awesome screen, very fast loading of apps and websites, instant screen response, good voice enabled search and interaction, upgradable to 4.4 kit kat, above average battery life - (1.5 days browse, media, voice, full time wifi), 
 
Can Improve: Weight - at 140g its not heavy but anything less is preferred, Battery - It cannot be removed by users, so if anything goes wrong, its a trip to service center which could be painful. 
 
Ugly side: Camera: If you are the type who clicks a lot of pics and expect average or above shots then stay away from this phone. Pics are not sharp, require a lot of light and any motion of hand or object gives a blurry shot. Storage: No expandable storage - That's a bump! 
 
Verdict: Must buy phone (if a good camera is not your top priority)Awesome and Value for money.Firstly impressed with its bootup animation. 
 
This phone is totally value for money. Came with 4.3 and got the update of 4.4 as I activated it. 
 
Speed: Pretty good. 
Space: It is showing total space 5.52GB. Enough for normal music; little bit gaming and Images (and yes you should be habitual with online storage; if not then go for 16 GB) 
RAM: I can see total of 883MB. But didn't show any lag till now. Played Temple Run 2 and it was smooth. 
Rear Camera: 5MP. Internal camera app is good. Also installed google's camera app. At low lights the internal app is good as compared to google's app without any change in settings. 
Front Camera: 1.3MP. Looks good as I merely used it till now. 
Body: I am impressed with the body and form factor. 
Battery: Its performing well as It didn't ran out with continuous WiFi and Screen ON. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Best Part is Migration: 
You can easily migrate from your old phone (Android and iPhone) to this. All Call Logs, Contacts, SMS, Audio, Video are migrated over WiFi. 
Google Drive Offer. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Battery is NOT User Removable. 
Opening its back cover for first time is little but tricky; read the manual. 
USB cable is NOT provided in the Box. 
Charger is NOT the combination of USB cable and Adapter. Its only a charger.Amazing Can't Get Better Than This.pros- 
great battery life!! 
good sound although not good with the headphones in the box!! 
great display very sharp and scratch resistant but no idea bout viewing angles !! 
doesn't feel bulky in your hands feels good to hold fits perfectly in your palms !!! 
1gb ram works like charm and quadcore processor very powrful so none of my games lag having said that i dont use it for heavy gaming purpose!! 
great built not plastickyy but feels real good 
u get android 4.4.2 (KitKat)really quick upgrade 
cons- 
camera especially the rear camera could have been better and front camera is good enough for video calls ,selfies etc.. at this price range u kind of expect that!! 
no sd slot why moto ??? it gives 50gb storage space on google drive bt for dat really need legendary internet connection!! Good Luck With Dat!! 
UI(user interface)i found it very simple not Refreshing!!! it does not allow to make folders except on homescreen no inbuilt themes !! 
 
Inspite some these minor hiccups its an amazing phone anyone looking for duel sim phone under 15K should go for this!!!Desent buy.Motto G is my first android mobile, so I am loving it. 
In India, G is added at the end of some one to add respect for him. And my experience with motto G says its fair enough to call motto as motto G. 
In every respect motto G is xcellent. 
 
PROS: motto G is full of pros and you know those well. 
What I like are 
HD screen 
OTG 
I never came across any application that does not support on it. 
 
Cons: 
Touch sensitivity is not that great as compared to Nokia-Lumia series. 
Battery is not that strong. Giving so much feature in motoG, how could Motorola expect from us to keep it idle. And when we start using it battery starts draining very fast. Moto should provide 2500 mah instead of 2050. 
Gryoscope is missing. So its difficult to play sensor based games and not a good xperience 
Non removable battery and no sd card support ( though OTG is helpful in this regard ) is very bad xperience 
No dual active sim support, though dual stand by support is avaliable 
 
Whats avaliable: 
Memory- 5.52 gb out of 8 gb 
Ram- 883 mb out of 1 gb. 
 
Other possible options: Lumia 525, Lenovo S820 8gb, Lenovo S920 
But If you go for moto X then it would be amazing.Astounding phone!.It has been about 15 days since I got my Moto G. Prior to that I was planning for a Nexus 5 (still am). But my wife got this for me on our anniversary. I was sold on the phone prior to buying itself going by the reviews, but it was &quot;in that segment&quot; - not a premium phone like Nexus 5. BOY! Was I mistaken. This phone has all the jazz as in Nexus 5 and you are getting it for less than half the price. (Please read thru completely before you start firing the 'HOW CAN U COMPARE NEXUS 5 WITH THIS' gun). 
 
Facts - 
1. Right now only Nexus phones and Moto G has Kitkat. - latest Android.And yea I show off a lot with this ALONE! 
 
2. I am getting a battery life of 48 hours!! (Post Kitkat, normal usage, high on video streaming and FB. Less on whatsapp and no gaming). But I also make sure I dont keep wi-fi or mobile network ON if i am not using. So adjust according to your usage. 
 
3. I can use it with one hand alone which is a great plus! 
 
4. LOVE the matt finished rubberized back cover. What a form-factor and grip. I got the black one. 
 
5. Speed - ABSOLUTELY NO LAG or any performance issue! 
 
6. Gorilla Glass 3 - Which other phone has this except for Nexus 5? 
 
This phone is just a JOY to use. 
 
CONS- 
 
1. Can expect some finger smudges on the glass. I hvnt put any cover as I want to feel the glass touch. 
 
2. Well, Nexus 5 will still get more adulation just because of its royal blood. :P 
 
Just go for it.A POCKET FRIENDLY POWERHOUSE.I have been using ONLY Motorola phones since 2005. Starting with L6, I have used Razor V3i, ROKR E6, ROKR E8, Motorola CHARM, DEFY, DEFY+, DEFY mini. And now I have Moto G with me. Before I tell you anything else about Motorola or this specific phone in particular, let me say one thing, &quot;This phone is a pocket friendly POWER HOUSE. Its a beast!&quot; I have thrown several heavy apps at it (some alone, some simultaneously), and this phone hasnt disappointed me yet (I got it on its launch). Its a wonderful phone with a powerful processor, sharp display and LOOOONNGG battery life that would put Arnab Goswami's passionate rantings to shame. With its 'rubber like' finish on the curvy back, I must say this is one beautiful phone. It stands out when I put it on the table with other phones. So if you are looking for a budget friendly phone with good specs, I would say GET THIS ONE NOW! 
 
However, this phone isnt perfect! 
 
The camera is too noisy. There are clear visible grains in all the pictures. Even the pictures taken in broad daylight are noisy. However, the auto focus on this phone is terrific. You just move the crosshairs with your fingers ANWHERE on the screen and it will adjust the exposer and focus on its own. But this intelligent focus is of no use because all the pictures are grainy. So yes, the camera is BAD! Phone is good, but the camera is BAD !! 
 
So if you are a photography enthusiast who keeps taking pictures with your phone all the time, you will be disappointed with this phone. But if you want a good phone with great specs and power packed performance, I would say, GO FOR IT! 
 
This phone comes with stock android; which means you dont get all those useless softwares/apps installed on it (like many other brands do), and so your phone eats less of your storage space. Besides, Motorola is frequently churning out some wonderful updates for this phone. So make sure you keep your phone updated. 
 
In the end, I would again say, that besides a shoddy camera this is an amazing phone for its price. Its totally value for money and looks devilishly good in your hands. Also, there are lots of back covers and panels available for this phone that you can put on. 
 
Hope this review helped. 
 
Have a nice day! 
 
(Quick reminder: They say this phone comes in 8GB and 16GB variants. Truth is you only get 5GB and 13GB of usable storage).Touch response is not as good as Samsung phone.First of all thanks to Flipkart for one day delivery, Excellent service as usual. 
 
I have been using this phone since last one and half month now. I was using Samsung Galaxy before. 
 
If you compare touch response with Samsung and Apple then I feel Moto G's touch response is not as good as Samsung, it's difficult to explain but I will try. 
Let's say an example, if you want to open an app then you will touch that icon and it will open. Samsung phone- Some time I had felt I haven't touch the icon and app had opened but with Moto G I have to actually press it as it's not as smooth as Galaxy series. 
Now suppose I am reading a book and want to move to last page then I will scroll the book that time with one scroll attempt in Galaxy I could see many pages moved from top to bottom but to get the same result in Moto G I need to do scroll twice or thrice. 
 
I feel because of this issue you may not get premium feeling of having such a powerful and wonderful device in your hand. 
 
Apart from this phone is excellent, no issues so far.Awesome phone at awesome price.Another beauty from Google. I've used a Nexus 4 and Nexus 5 earlier but this is something unique.. Although I was worried of the less screen size at first, I got used to it. It just feels great in my hand. Previous phones I used, I've ordered them from US the very day they were released. I had lots of problems getting them serviced in India. This time I waited for the Indian release and Google didn't disappoint with a Dual Sim. 
Thanks to flipkart I got my MOTO G within 32 hours of ordering it. I see lots of guys complaining about how bad flipkart handled it's release. But in my opinion they've done an excellent job. Imagine the number of people trying to buy this value phone across the country on the release day! The same thing happens to all nexus devices on play store. Wait till the stock comes back. 
The discounted cases and covers on launch day was icing on the cake. Can't say this is the best phone out there, but this will get me with my day to day activities. The 5MP camera is not a disappointment. It can't capture stunning family/friend's photos but it's there for you. I didn't image the phone to be this smooth @ this price after coming from the nexus 5 . Hasn't crashed/lagged in the fast few hours I rammed the processors with intensive games :O 
Overall, other than screen size and better photos, I don't miss my stolen N4.Get the best android experience without burning a hole in pocket.Moto G is one of best android phone in given price range you will ever find. 
 
It has buttery smooth touch screen, nice color display and very ergonomic design. I bought this phone a month ago and was quite happy with its overall performances but i lost this phone a week ago :( 
 
Cons: 
1. Best value for money, if you are planning to buy a phone with budget below 20k you can blindly buy this beauty 
2. Dual sim, its dual sim functionality is quite handy. You can specify which sim can be used for data/messaging/calling ( comes handy and you can go for best 3g offers in given areas) 
3. Battery performance is quite good, it will last a day with 2-3 hrs gaming normal calling with data on 24hrs. 
4. Design, it fits perfectly in you hand nor too big to handle or nor to small to watch/play video 
5. Speaker sound quality is good, its loud enough to fill you room 
6. Best gaming experience, i have played temple run, Dead trigger 2, hungry shark, thor, and crazy bike with buttery smooth without any lag( if you have opened multiple apps you might feel some lag but better to close the app which you are not using for better performance) 
7. Camera, you can get decent quality pictures with given 5 MP camera, good enough to upload on fb or instagram. 
 
Again friends this is the best in this price range one can ever get. 
 
Though there some technical glitches listed in lines below which i faced which can be resolved with minor tweaks( moto might be working on it but i have faced them when i was using) 
 
1. Call used to drop automatically 
2 Sometimes network was available on both sim but i was unable to make calls ( frequency once in a 2-3 days or a week, not very often but yes its there) 
3. mobile data doesn't starts automatically on if i switched off and on it( it use to happens on other android device, to resolve this you can turn on/off aeroplane mode and if its not working restart) 
 
But again these are some minor glitches which soon will be resolved by moto, i was quite satisfied with this beauty and it does not feel cheap. 
 
Recently i bought Moto X which i will be reviewing after using for a month.One word ----&gt; (WOW).Where should i start..... 
I was a big time Samsung fan until today afternoon when i received my MOTO G. I use a galaxy S3 and bought MOTO G as a secondary device (hence got 8Gb model), belive me guys S3 is my secondary device now. The screen on MOTO G is just 'WOW' no words, u have to see it to belive it. 
 
PROS: 1. Snappy processor. no lag at all (can be termed as nexus 5 mini) 
   2. Magnificent display (USP for sales of this device) 
   3. Good build quality and material quality. Fees rich to hold in hand 
   4. Good Battery 2070MAH (will come to know about actual usage in coming days as i use more. 
   5. I just had a KIT KAT. My 30000/- premium device is lacking KIT KAT and i just had kit kat on a 12500/- device. It always feels good to be up to date. 
 
CONS: 1. Camera - (wish it was 8 MP). no doubt 5 MP does the job. 
   2.Screen size - why did you not utilize the excess space on bottom to increase the screen size (4.7 would have been great with this kind of display) 
 
Regarding FlipKart - Keep up the good work guys... i am a fan, always keep me happy by providing this kind of service :)Great Phone. Great Price That's it.The Moto G is really a great phone at a great price. You won't get a better phone at this price anywhere in the world. 
Pros 
Display - Very nice 720p display...feels like full HD though 'tis not. 
Battery - The battery backup is very good.. will last you a whole day easily with mixed usage. 
Performance - 4.5 / 5 A great smooth experience..nearly stock..u can always customize it if u want      to...runs without anylags.. 
Quad Core A7 and Snapdragon 400 - Paradise for gamers...Asphalt 8 , Real Racing 3 , Dead Trigger 2 , etc all run very smoothly on medium-high settings. Very high end games may lag on very high settings... 
 
Cons - 
No SD card support , but you can always use a otg pendrive - Search Sandisk Ultra Dual 16 gb on Flipkart -- priced at Rs 875 currently...its tiny and large ( if u know what i mean - size and storage ) 
 
Camera is average..not too good not too bad.. but enough for your needs. Not for you if u want something like Lumia 1020 
 
If u are planning to buy a phone in the 12-15k range go for the Moto G ... Don't wait.!!Best SmartPhone Under 15000 :).Who Say's Camera is poor it's not that much of bad quality ,, You Just Need To Know How To Take Best Shot It Can Give,, Camera Is Enough For Social Media Web Sites :) 
 
1.) I Have Played Subway Surfer and Temple Run(Max Detail) No Lags At All 
Phone Never Hags Till Now :) 
 
2.) As I Purchase On Launch Day Flip Cover Is Of Super Quality And It's Just Awesome :) 
 
3.) Battery Is Sufficient For Whole Day :) Moderate Use . 
 
4.) Build Quality Is Just Awesome It Gives You Feel Of Premium Smart Phone And 2 Plus Point Over Other Smart Phone In Same Category -- (i) Gorilla Glasses (i) Water Resistance 
 
5) Sound Is Nice And Clear And U Can Buy A Good Branded Head Phone For Better Experience In Music and Movies :)  
 
6) Brightness Is Awesome INDOOR And Good Enough For OUTDOOR :) 
 
7) Used Wifi and Bluetooth No Prob.. 
 
8) Front Camera Is Nice to Have :) 
 
9) Superb Integration of Google Services :) 
 
10) Touch Is of Premium Quality too :) 
 
Overall It Was an Excellent Deal on Launch Day But If U Already Didn't Buy it Then BUY IT :)Jackpot !!.I got my moto G 8 Gb today and three things which are completely awesome about it are:- 
1. Price :- are you kiddning me !!!You will not get such a phone in samsung or sony or nokia in less than 20k. 
2. Flipkart service :- The best of all online stores. The phone reached me wihin 48 hrs !!! Wat else do you need. 
3. Performance :- Name it and it can do it unless you want to play some super graphics game or do anything a phone can do. ( In dat case start with nexus 5 &amp; s4). 
 
Pros:- Glass, Processor, RAM, Battery backup, Dual SIM, Very Light etc. etc. 
Cons:- 5 MP Camera &amp; No HD recording. 
 
Phone is very gud i got wall charger and headphone as against common notion. 
So far Gaming and specially browsing is superrrrrrrrr smooth i must say. 
Also Moto G has got very gud revieiws in USA &amp; Malaysia. Their service is also pretty good. And yes 8 GB is more than enough for you unless you are a gaming freak. 
and with USB OTG you dont need to keep everything in your storage. 
 
Dont miss the train. :)A Very Good Purchase.Flipkart delivered the product within a day. 
 
The phone is excellent considering its price.Rather than write a long review,i'll address some common doubts regarding the phone. 
 
-The unit i got had an import date of Feb 14, it came with android kitkat 4.4.2 out of the box 
 
-As the unit came with kitkat, none of the problems faced by people who did the OTA update from jellybean was present,for eg: The notification light works perfectly and the usb OTG works flawlessly.Good reception on both SIM cards too 
 
-Use a file manager app to access the files with usb OTG 
 
-You'll find the volume and power buttons to be a bit wobbly,but doesnt affect functionality. 
 
-Slow motion video works good 
- The few bundled motorola system apps like Camera,Gallery,MotoMigrate,Assist etc will get continous updates via play store 
 
Use the motorola lost phone feature during setup to lock and wipe your device in case its stolen 
 
The screen is truly gorgeous, even beautiful when its off. You'll notice how it looks like a slab of black granite when its off, jus like the nexus 5. Not like other phones where u can actually make out the thick bezels around the screen when turned off. 
 
I'll try to add any more little things i observe later. And as for buying the phone,Please dont hesitate.Dont be put off by negative reviews.There will always be one or two defective handsets among a thousand. Even if you get a defective unit,it'll be replaced. 
 
Just buy it,its a great phone. You wont regret it.Words fall short to describe the awesomeness.Hello guyz...I ordered my Moto G 8GB version on the day of launch i.e 6th of Feb and received the phone on 10th..so FK as far as delivery is concerned hats off.. 
 
I have been using the phone for about 2 weeks now and here`s an honest review. 
 
1. The first impression u`ll get would be the build quality. Yaa its heavier than other phones but u`ll feel the robustness of the phone when u hold.The back panel has a rubber coating which helps in gripping the phone quite efficiently.The speakers are accurately placed so no problem with that. 
 
2. With 4.50-inch 720x1280 display Moto G does justice to the vivid picture quality we desire. I had been playing a lot of HD games like Real Racing 3, Asphalt 8, riptideGP2 and the games run flawleslly w/o any glitches. 
 
3. As far as the sound quality is concerned i would say that its up to the mark coz this phone lies in the budget price range.With equalization u can customize the sound effects according to ur needs. 
 
4. Camera which is of 5MP has a quite impressive capture quality. The phone captures more than expected quality pictures and on low light sometimes the quality is not up to the mark.But still the performance is moderate on low light too. 
 
5. The call quality- I would say that I was bit dissapointed becoz the experience could have been better. Initially I thought that it was my device problem but when I saw the same quality in my friends` Moto G too I understood that the voice quality is notwhat I expected. 
 
6. Battery life is exceptional.I have been getting a day and a half on normal usage which includes Wifi ON, 30mins of music., 1hr of call, 1hr of HD gaming with live wallpaper 
 
So overall the performance of Moto G is exceptional and with the price tag and specifications undoubtedly its the best buy of 2014.2 Weeks Since I am using the Phone.....It is 2 weeks since I have been using this phone. Going great till date. Touch sensitivity is awesome. I did use Audio and found the music great. Of course you should not compare with BOSE or B&amp;F and feel sad about that. 
 
My battery gets drained very fast. Need to charge on a daily twice basis. Here is the battery usage statistics: 
 
50% Consumed by Display 
12% Call Stand by 
10% Game - Played for 30 minutes.... 
 
I religiously try to switch off Wi-Fi, Data Roaming and avoid playing games. My philosophy is &quot;Communication First&quot; . However battery discharge seems to be an issues. 
 
Probably cell phone companies should thinking of having two batteries. 1 for communication and other for everything else. That way, when we need to phone a speak we are not deprived for communicating. 
 
Battery life is a Thumbs down: Reducing the rating by a notch. 
 
----------------------- Feb 15th Review ---------------------- 
I lost my Xperia C a week back. It was disappointing to loose such a nice phone within six months of buying it. Nevertheless I went to Moto G. The reason I chose this phone was it was Google's first phone since the acquired Motorola Mobility. And I am sure they would have put a lot of effort in making this a great piece of technological device. 
 
It arrived on Friday. The first charge of the battery lasted no more than 6 hours. But I subsequently charged it again on Saturday morning and it charged completely in 3 hours. It is Sunday evening 10:00 PM and I still have 24% battery. Of course, I am not a gamer as such. I use it for plain speaking, internet connectivity to check office emails, and reading news apps like Flipboard. 
 
Pros: 
Boots very fast. 
4.5&quot; Gorilla Glass is just awesome. 
The videos come out classy. 
50GB cloud space enough to store your contacts, important documents etc over the cloud and need not be worried. 
Light weight and elegant Black colour. 
Speed and touch sensitivity is just great. 
 
Cons: 
With 4.5&quot; keys look little smaller for my think fingers. But had never felt my finger went to a wrong letter or something like. 
No expandable memory, so I need to be very careful with what I download and store. 
 
Not tested yet: 
Audio quality, MAPS, 2G Connectivity 
 
I shall write a review again after 2 weeks to let other people know how has been the performance.Best phone under 20k.I got my phone within one day after ordering even without the in-a-day guarentee. Kudos to Flipkart for such fast delivery. 
 
The box in which the phone came in was a little smaller than I expected but I guess the manufacturers had to cut costs somehow. The box doesn't matter anyway so it is negligible. Apart from the phone, the box also came with earphones(very basic as expected), charger and warranty card and instructions. 
 
Now coming to the phone, I will review the phone on a point by point basis: 
 
*Screen: The screen is the best in class. No other phone(foreign brands) offer a 720p HD screen in a below 20k phone. The display is crisp and sharp and watching videos and reading books is a pleasure on it. It comes with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 so you do not need to buy a screen guard. The glass is strong and scratch proof. Brightness is also quite good and I use it on lowest brightness most of the time. 
 
Operating System: Android 4.4.2 KitKat is, in my opinion, the best mobile OS in the world. The user interface is simply beautiful and contains tons of features including Google Now. Google Now is a software which displays information which is important to you on the screen. Information such as Cricket teams and their match schedule, traffic situation on the way to office, technology news and reviews, etc are all displayed in on screen. Google Now monitors your searches on the net and your usage to understand you and display information which you might be interested in. It is a very useful feature. 
 
Performance: The Moto G comes with a Snapdragon 400 chipset and a quad core processor making the performance quite snappy. The phone handles heavy games without lag and switches between apps with seemingly no effort at all. The performance on this phone is surprisingly better than on my Nexus 7. The phone can handle anything you throw at it with just 1GB of RAM. Google must have really optimized the software and hardware allowing the phone to perform so well. 
 
Camera: The camera is pretty decent and, at this price point, I cannot complain. The camera may not be leaps ahead of others at this price range but it does have several features that only high end phones currently have. The Moto G Camera comes with features like Panorama, Slow Motion Video, HDR and Simultaneous HD video and photo recording(pretty good). This makes the camera on the Moto G far more desirable than any other phone below 20k. 
 
Look and Feel: The Moto G is a good sized phone and only slightly smaller than flagship phones like the Galaxy S4. It is comfortable to hold and does not feel heavy at all. The back part is soft but comfortable enough to hold the phone. The phone is quite easy to handle and I haven't dropped it even once. The phone looks good(I'd say it looks better than any Samsung phone) so you can feel proud showing it off to your friends. 
 
Extra features: Although the OS is mostly stock Android, Motorola has provided a few pre-installed apps which are quite useful. There are: 
 
1. Motorola Migrate: This app allows you to transfer messages, call records, photos, videos, contacts, etc from any android/apple device to your new phone. Its very convenient and saves a lot of time and effort in transferring and is simple to use. 
2.Motorola Assist: This app can automatically place the phone in silent mode when you are sleeping(you have to set the timings when you sleep). It also checks your calender for any meetings and places the phone in silent mode during these meetings. It also sends an automatic message reply if a person gives a missed call during the meeting. Note that only favourite contacts will receive the message. 
 
Overall I would recommend this phone to anyone looking to buy a good phone below 20k. This phone provides everything you need or want in a smartphone(great performance, fantastic screen, useful camera, low price and the latest software). Thank you for reading my review!Best Phone at this range.I have used this Phone for 1 month and then I am writing a review. This is the best value for money device on flipkart. I was first confused between Moto g and Micromax Canvas 4. But soon my friend bought this and I went to his home to see the device and realized that it is the best value for money. It has a 1.2 Ghz Quad-core processor which gets all the work done like a charm. If you are fond of photos on your mobile device, then I suggest you LG L90 or canvas 4 as they got better cameras than Moto g. But camera gets my work done. All graphic intensive games run pretty smooth with no lag at all. I prefer this device to gamers and the people who are stuck at Samsung's this range mobiles which hang a lot. This device have never yet hanged at all in 1 month of my use and all games I installed run good. It is the best device for me and I say it will help you all. I strongly recommend this device by Motorola to all because this got the latest android version. IF THIS DEVICE IS STILL NOT IN YOUR BUDGET THEN WAIT FOR THE &quot;MOTO E&quot; AS IT WILL BE LESS THAN Rs. 10,000 AND WILL BE A SORT OF SON OF MOTO G AND MOTO X BEING THE GRANDDAD.Compared with 3 different phones :- JUST READ WORKING section.I have MICROMAX CANVAS 2 PLUS (consider that it is equivalent till micromax full HD because processors are same in all) ; SAMSUNG S4 MINI ; MOTO G &amp; have used Grand 2! 
 
Display -&gt; S4 Mini partially wins here due to SUPER AMOLED but doesn't have Gorilla Glass (only MOTO G has it in list). Display of MOTO G is awesome. Can't see why to choose S4 mini! So... MOTO G takes 51% vs. S4 Mini! Other 2 loose very badly. 
 
Processor -&gt; MOTO G and Grand 2 have same! Micromax has MediaTek I guess of same frequency. S4 mini wins here (1.7 GHz). (But still I can do everything on Moto G with ease.) 
 
RAM -&gt; 1.5 GB for Grand 2 and S4 Mini. IT DOES NOT MATTER AT ALL! Moto G still gets my vote. (consider a tie between all) 
 
MicroSD vs. OTG -&gt; Only Micromax support both. Samsungs dont support OTG while Moto G doesn't have MicroSD (I have 16GB so no problem). 
 
UI -&gt; Samsung gets my vote here. Micromax looses badly. 
 
WORKING (You can compare above thing using flipkart also) -&gt; MOTO G IS JUST AWESOME! AWESOME SCREEN outweighs S4 Mini AMOLED. 1GB RAM is more than enough. Haven't got any error till now. Premium look. 4.5 inch is just perfect for mobile use that outweighs 4.27 inch of S4 Mini! Looks pretty small to me. 
 
Micromax Canvas 2 plus doesn't have good screen and processor is just enough although you can do whatever you want on it. Even you can play good games. 
 
Samsung and Moto G have Andreno 305 graphic processor which is awesome! 
 
Now, GRAND 2 is simply over priced as it doesnt win a single section vs. Moto G and both have almost same technical stuffs. 
 
I HAD TO BUY A PHONE UNDER 25K. TRUST ME! XPERIA L has no good screen. GRAND 2 is over priced. S4 Mini doesnt have OTG or Gorilla Glass. MOTO G IS PERFECT!!!! 
 
Under 10K GO FOR CANVAS 2 PLUS! Please note other canvas serias like 2.2 and HD are just copy of CANVAS 2 PLUS but overclocked.Go for it without second thoughts - Why? Read on...Alright, there are numerous reviews on this phone. some are on the phone, some are on Flipkart service and some are even on fellow reviewers :). I would like to add my views, so that it might help someone out there in making a decision. 
 
For a record, I was an iPhone user all this time - was having an iPhone 4S and you probably can imagine the level of quality that I would have been expecting in my next phone when I have decided to switch. From my opinion, here are the pointers about the phone 
 
&gt; Premium build quality - (9/10) 
For a phone of this price, the build is so premium that you won't find the plastic feeling when you are holding it, no cranking sound when you hold it tight. Rubbery back cover, solid volume and power buttons and above all Gorilla glass makes it a perfect construct. However, one star down for designing the loud speaker in the back side and the ringer volume goes down when you place it in a flat surface, even worse in a mattress or a sofa. 
 
&gt; Excellent display and color reproduction (10/10) 
Once again, please don't compare it with the HTC one Max or an iPhone, just bearing in mind that we have spent hardly 1/3rd of the money of those phones. The display just flashes away true brightness, very good viewing angles and good pixel densities. What more you can ask for. However, try using good video players like MX Player to play true HD videos - today I tried with VLC beta and Android Video player, the video struggled to play. Perhaps the settings, but I ain't interested in fiddling with them, when my MX player played it quite smoothly. 
 
&gt; Very good Camera and good Video(7/10) 
Ok, there are lot of critism of camera of this devide. We got to remmeber that we are living in the age of 40Megapixel mobile cameras and people have very high expectation of everything. So it does justice for what a 5 Megapixel cam should do, infact one step ahead of it. Video is bit grainy, but for a device of 5MP, I will say its just awesome. 
 
&gt; Battery backup: (8/10): 
So this point varies from user to user depending on their settings, usage and a little on their atmosphere of usage as well (hot environment kills the performance). With Heavy 3G/Wi-Fi usage and 3 hours of calling, and lot of whatsapp and FB, the battery lasted for 14 hours and drained from 100% to 25%. I would again call it as a very good battery back up. 
 
&gt; Overall performace (9/10): 
I ain't a gamer. but have loaded the phone with all my needed apps and the phone multitasks with them with ease. So giving them all star except one, which could be filled by a gamer. 
 
Albeit there are a lot of other aspects to review, I am pointing out the key aspects which are main deciding factors to buy a phone. 
 
Last but not least, Flipkart service was so professional and they deliver what they promised(with some minor exceptions that I have heard of). When the claimed shipping time is 10-20 days, I don't understand why people vent out their frustration in the review column in just 5-10 days of ordering the phone. I think the excitement works in just the opposite way now, maybe something that Motorola has to address by expanding their selling channels. 
 
Thanks for reading my views and all the best for your new phone!Moto G a definite killer..Extremely a killer fone for the price. 
I got it 2 days before assured date of delivery. 
For this price you CANNOT get a better phone. 
More than what you get in this phone, what you do not get here would be more relevant. 
1. Camera is good only in full bright light and really bad in low light conditions. 
2. Memory is 1GB RAM and 8/16 GB non-expandable. So You cannot afford to have all your fotos, music etc redundantly. 
3. Speaker phone is not that great, so if you are avid user of speaker fone, think twice. 
4. Batteries are fixed, so if you have habit of installing all crap apps and your phone hangs frequently. Be careful with fixed battery phones, when your phone hangs you may not be able to restart by removing the batteries and must just wait patiently. 
 
Apart from above, 
1. Battery lasts for whole day &amp; more for avg talk time, avg wifi use (for mails &amp; messages ) not for streaming and heavy downloads. 
2. Theres an option to enable and disable the SIM you wish to use for data transfer &amp; you can set limit for the same. So you get warning if you cross the limit. You can use 2G or 3G connection optionally. This is great when you have limited 3G plan and unlimited 2G plan. 
3. 4.3 Kitkat upgrade is immediately available and UI changes are very good. 
4. Display quality is extremely good. 
5. default availability of sending SMS when you cut call is extremely useful and intutive. 
6. I'm from Trichy, a Tier 2 city in Tamilnadu. I was wondering, how will my servicing of Phone be taken care. Surprisingly, I was sent with the bill, an address of local service point in Trichy. I hardly doubt about the need for such a service point, for the phone seems to be very good. 
7. Clean Master is one incredible free app which will be very helpful for making RAM free, with least effort. 
 
I'm not a gamer so I cant say much about speed and response. As such for all basic operations, the fone works like a charm.I won't go to heaven if they don't have MOTO G there... :).Order placed on 6th Feb. It showed my product will be delivered on 10th, but then they extended it to 17th. I was little afraid. However, I've received my product on 8th evening. Again Flipkart, hat's off to your awesomely fast shipment. 
 
About the phone, it a very good buy in this range... Again, I'm saying in this range, because you can't have high end phone in 14000 bucks. Since the day I'm using this phone, it never hanged. Rock solid look and fits in hand easily... 
 
Performance is also good... Now, it's running bit more faster after updating with Android 4.4 Kitkat... Display quality is also superb... Now, I enjoy HD videos on my device... Battery life? When I get back to home at night after 10 hours job and 2.5 hours travel, it still shows 20 % battery remaining... Make sure to charge at night for at least 2 hours... I found the camera result is also superb. Keep in mind that this is a budget mobile. For professional photography, go and take a DSLR. This is not your device... 
 
Only this I found wrong is music quality through earphone... However, when I plugged in an earphone of Beats and even Samsung the sound was awesome... 
 
So, MOTO... This is my 3rd MOTO phone and you have proved why people should buy you... But, please bring some change to your accessories... It's like the same I used in 2008... No change, no upgrade... 
 
In a word: Sometimes I use to stair at my phone and think that yes, I've a gadget whom I'm in love with... :) 
 
CheersSuperfast Phone with freakish audio and graphics - worth more than it costs.Although was searching for smartphones from quite some time and was hearing rave reviews about this one, I bought Moto G out of impulse. No thanks to my Xperia Mini Pro which suddenly stopped working and stupid repair centers of Sony @ B'lore. 
Being a true hater of ALL models of Samsung and Windows phone, I had to research a lot. But I was blown to pieces when I got this. Here are the Pros and Cons: 
 
Pros: 
1. Superfast. Almost as comparable to Nexus 5 (I have compared them side by side physically). This is the result of less customization on the OS by Google and a decent processor 
2.OS: They provide a pure version of android without any stupid add-ons like Samsung or Sony. 
3. Audio: Brilliant audio quality, which surprised me the most. Coupled with Poweramp this baby can match up with likes of Sony. Speakers are awesome as well. I haven't tried the in house Headphones as I was happy with my Sony headphones with this. 
4. Graphics: The screen is hi-res and it can play HD videos as well owing to the processor. 
5. Size: Very handy. Fits in your hands well enough, unlike those huge-over-the-top Samsung smartphones. 
6. Dual Sim: Not much of a consequence to me. But may be a good pointers for some. 
 
Cons: 
1. Camera: 5MP which is not acceptable to a lot of buyers. If you are looking for a good camera at this price I suggest Lumia. But 'twas never a bother for me :-) 
2. No NFC. Depends on users. I doubt most people in India ever use this. 
3. Service centers: Haven't checked on this, but it seems the service centers for Motorola are a lot less compared to Samsung or Nokia. 
 
Heads up for potential buyers: 
a. You don't get a data cable with this package. But if you have an older data cable this won't be of a concern. 
b. Usable memory is only 12 GB. Please check this based on your requirements as memory in not expandable. 
 
Finally, Flipkart delivered in-a-day as it promises. 
Bottom Line: This phone beats any phone at this price range and even some higher ones.Awesome Phone,Even more awesome Price point..Bravo FLIPKART !!!!!! Unbeatable Deal ! 
Only Filpkart can provide such outrageously ridiculous offers !!!!!! 
Launch day offers are a cherry on top !!!!!!! 
A chance to win 100% cash back + 70% off on back covers and much more! 
 
For all of you out there,Dont be disappointed if you miss the Launch day offrer.Even Without offer You are getting the best of the world.Its the best phone around 15k, bang for the buck if you ask me.It has awesome specs for the price.The battery life is worth to mention as the battery is guaranteed to last a total day.The Screen is awesome 720p with Corning Gorilla Glass for extra protection.Even the phone has some sort of water resistant inner coating.(Not to confuse with water proof). The 5 MP Snapper is a bit let down. 
 
Its the game changing mobile of the year,Probably the best phone you can get around 15K, with great specs and all round performance and killer looks. 
 
I am updating this as i found many are rating low and writing harsh comments on the page as Flipkart was not able to keep the stocks.But what can they do if the stocks sellout so fast !!!!!!!!! Its not in their hand, and they cant control it ! they cant stop if some one buys 2-3 or for that matter ten. 
 
And someone else was commenting that flipkart should have kept more stock as many lakhs of customers are anxious about it. I agree, but they invest all of their resources and buy lakhs of units.Suppose what if a word got out that some moto g's have defects.It would ruin sales,and they will be left with all those stocks. 
 
All of you who rated low, why did you come to this phone if you do not like it so much. 
Probably you should go and buy some other sub 15k phone........If you cannot do that(buy another phone) then you like the Moto G. So I suggest to all of them who rated less to revise the comments and give Credit to the phone it deserves.Moto G...Jhakaaass !!!.I ordered Moto G 16 GB version on 13th Feb and Received it today (24th Feb), so it was 10 days as promised by Flipkart..so 5/5 for them.. 
Now about the phone, 
1. first thing which caught my eye was the amazing screen and nice build and finishing of this handset. It does not feel cheap like Micromax and Karbonn, etc. 
2. It was super surprise with Moto Migrate that all my old phones data was transferred to Moto G and that too in few seconds only..I got all my call logs, sms, email accounts and other related apps data transfered... this was great!! 
3. Got Instant kitkat update when i powered on the phone, yet to test it though (downloading as I am writing this review). 
4. Back panel was easy to remove, as opposed to reviews by few users here. 
5. Battery life looks good as I dont think my Karbonn S5's battery would have lasted with updating, downloading and installing of so many apps from play store...just lost 5 % till now (3 hours since first reboot) 
6. Call quality was awesome..Headphones did hurt the ears, so i am going to use my old in-ear only. 
7. Sound quality was great when playing music as well as loud speaker on call was great. 
8. White LED light notification works well (had my fingers crossed after reading few reviews here that for few it didnt work) 
9. Ram Shows 500 MB free after all my required apps installed and running. So this is surely great as compared to my old phone when it used to be 190-250 MB free max at any given time. 
10. Storage 12.92 available which is more than enough for me. 
11. Now I will install few games and test it.. 
Verdict - 
I was going to buy Micromax Canvas Magnus and at the same time Motorola launched Moto G and in a way saved me... :-) 
5/5 for Moto G...I am sure now that all my 14K spent on this device is worth every penny and would definitely reap more than that...I am surely going to recommend it to all my friends and family.... 
 
GO BUY IT!!!Incredible phone at an incredible price!.This phone is going to disrupt the smartphone market. It's bringing the heat to the flagship devices with it amazing value for money. In the race between hardware manufacturers obsession with raw power and software industry's focus on optimization, the moto G hits a sweet spot. Running on latest Kitkat version 4.4.2 means that the performance is smooth with no lag at all. Motorola doesn't bloat it's phone with skins like samsung and HTC, therefore providing a coherent lag-free experience. The quad-core processor with 1 GB RAM means that it has enough power to perform any task thrown at it.The speaker on this phone is amazing, I mean really amazing. You can easily hear a sound even on a crowded place. The battery life is great, can easily last 2 days of moderate-heavy use...it beats the flagships hands down in battery life department, except the LG G2 of course. The screen is 720p HD housed in 4.5 inch, which makes it's ppi(density) higher than the much touted retina display of iphones. Not only in terms of pixels, but the screen is bright, vibrant and well caliberated that provides a really pleasant experience. The call quality is also good. 
 
The moto G also hits the sweet spot in terms on design. It isn't too big, neither too small. It has a soft touch curved back which makes it easy to hold the phone. The back however takes smudges easily. It is not an issue for me since it's user replaceable and I'd everyone use a case anyways. 
 
The camera is probably it's weak point. 5MP is okay for me, but the sensor itself isn't great. It'll take good pictures outdoor in good lighting conditions, but in a darker environment the image quality is below average. The volume button (of my handset) was a little wobbly. However, these are minor complaints. 
 
Looking at the phone, I am hard-pressed to find areas where Motorola compromised to reach this price point. The build quality, screen, speakers, battery life everything is top notch. And most of all, the phone feels good in hand. It doesn't provide the feel of a cheaply made phone, something that even Samsung Galaxy S4 can't shake off. 
 
While the phone may not beat the higher segment phones in individual areas, it provides an overall experience that rivals, if not beat even the flagship phones. It even has a dual-sim capability and a freaking FM radio, take that! 
 
For those looking for phone within 15K, this is hands down the best device. For those looking at a phone in 20-25 category, this again is the best device. 
 
I am absolutely satisfied with the handset and wish motorola all the best, keep providing value for money and the Indian customers will reward you! 
 
One more thing I'd like to add. As I said earlier, motorola doesn't adds it's own skin on top of Android. This has several advantages. 1) It doesn't bloat the phone. Meaning that the performance will remain good even with lower specs. 2) The overall design consistency of android is maintained. I can't begin to explain how bad the Samsung touchwiz is. 3) The same android version will provide more free space. The S4 had only around 8 GB of free space in a 16GB phone. 4) It becomes faster to update to the latest android version since Motorola doesn't have to add much to the OS.awesome phone moto g.This mobile is really very good, google shipped with kitkat google android. Display is good. I checked batter and it lasts almost 2 days i mean 2nd day up to 7 pm including games for some time used camera. 
 
performance is very quick, gaming is pretty good i played temple run and asphalt 8 racing game, size of 1.3 Gb with out any lags. 
 
coming to storage mine is 16 gb and system ates 3 gb so you'll have only 13 gb of usable storage. 
 
disadvantages: 
 
I don't find lack of sd slot as an disadantage because 13 gb is kind of huge. But if are going for 8 gb you have to think twice. 
 
Camera is not good though 5pxle. i'm not satisfied but it will do for me because i'm not much intersted using it always. I hardly taken 200 photos with my previous galaxy mobile in 2 years. So i don't care much. 
 
But but if you hang out much with friends goes out and use cam frequently, i suggest you sincerely it is not for you. 
 
Finally moto g rocks for who want performance and not cam. But i found video recording little good. 
 
hope this is use ful because i searched a lot to buy my moto g. So i believe my review helps some one like me ready to buy it.Simply the best!.I was an Xperia user and was pondering a lot when I wanted to change my mobile. As always I was bombarded with suggestions and reviews to go for Samsung GG, Nokia Lumia, or still an Xperia Z. This beauty MotoG was launched just in time and I was a little late in booking my order- 8th Feb. Reviews were pouring in and I just couldn't wait to get hold of MY motoG and Flipkart you did a good job in delivering the product in 10 days. As always you are the best! Now, what I was looking for is a Smartphone in the literal sense and it sure is a wonder unpacked at just 13999! I upgraded to Kitkat version the minute I unpacked the phone. Sheer brilliance, no lagging, no disturbance in calls, easy texting and in all power packed. For all those who are cribbing about no customized ringtones, please refer to the MotoG support service online. It sure has a load of info on what more you can do with your G. The camera is a little disappointing but who cares! The MotoG sure gives you the powerpunch performance. What's app is still not compatible with kitkat version so there are a few lags when it comes to file transfer. This should be rectifiable soon. 
 
Overall more than worth the money you spend! Just go for it!!Moto G experience....Got my Moto G one week after reserving it. I would like to share few things which I encountered with this, in 4-5 days of use... 
 
1. Got the Kit-kat update on 15-02-2014. It seems though server is very slow. Took more than 24 hours to download 237MB of update. As read earlier, new dialler UI. No other apparent UI changes. Should see what it does to other things. 
 
2. The battery is draining too fast. In battery status its apparently showing &gt;50% utilized by screen. May be becoz of high resolution. When I contacted Motorola help center, the guy gave me a weird suggestion, to charge the battery once for 4-5 hours so it gets heated up. From than normal charging, this would help in sustaining battery more it seems. Should check out on that!!!! Stats: from full recharge to 50% in 12 hours. That is pretty ok ok considering my previous low battery phone which would give double than this, with the same use Wifi on, taking few calls, etc. 
 
Hoping to see the battery performance improves, as new handsets go on a spree of background synchronization and stuff. 
 
3. There is no option to send contacts directly through message. Its quiet annoying sometimes. Even though watsapp will come to rescue, if not you have to type it manually. Again this absence of feature confirmed by Motorola help center. 
 
4. Call clarity with one of the SIM ports is bad. Voice is continuously breaking. Din't change when I replaced Airtel sim with Docomo. While call quality was good with port 2. May be some hardware hitch with my set. But unexpected. 
 
5.Has Google Now and few interesting stuff, which I lacked on my old phone. So atleast getting some new experience with this. 
 
Overall, I would say neither very happy or sad. Hoping to see Moto-G lives upto expectations.Awesome.Just gonna write long speech, I was doing a research for this product for a long tym and finally got the product at flipkart and tht too at gr8 price. Just ordered on midnight at 12.02 and within few secs product got out of stk.I ordered as COD as i thght my order will get cancel bcz of high demand but flipkart kept its promise and delivered this product bfore expected dt. Abt Moto G its just awesome display is crystal clear just cant take eyes away frm it, touch is buttery smooth, camera is ok, in the box i got charger n headset but its ok nt tht good. It feels lyk i m bought nexus. At dis price u cant get such a gr8 phn. The only thing if google had given screen guard instead of headset and hope they charge less amt for back n flip n grip cover as its too high n both r nt available in the mkt. They have created a history by launching this product inspite of stiff competition in smartphn mkt they have launched o/s product tht too at low price, just wanna ask why did they sold moto to lenovo as they have started new era. Guyz just go for Moto G u wont regret it.Exceptionally Dominator in its class with no Competitor exist till now.....My review well after 2 months ....... 
I have reviewed everything of this phone 
 
features I find which dominates over other phones.. 
 
1. &gt;&gt;Water repellent coating (moto said) Water Resistant most users around the world says 
this is really really amazing feature at this price tag. 
there are 2 test where phone is perfectly working under water for half an hour.. 
i personally used phone in thunderstrom made vid. played a holi all dust is over screen and back. and also one very good feature of screen i found is touch is Massive. i put the phone in 2 plastic ziplock bags during holi to protect it from water still i can do all touch operations. touch is working like a charm. hats off 
 
2. &gt;&gt; Corning Gorilla glass 3 
again dominator in its price tag and also joins the club of very few phone having Gorilla Glass 3. no single scratch on my thig. though i not tried with knifes :P but shared pocket with keys. dropped on screen many times. dont know is oleophobic coating there or not nut glass catches some amount of smough which needs to be cleaned 
 
3.&gt;&gt; Battery 
1 Day with Heavy uses battery at any cost :P 
my uses 
i disconnect charger at 8 am 
3G WiFi always on, at my work place reception is very low, 3.5 to 4 hours of screen uses which includes Browsing, Maps, Navigation, FB Whats App G+ 
average daily my battery level mostly 30% after 10 PM 
so i can say 1 day with Heavy uses 
 
4..&gt;&gt; rest features 
1.2 Ghz Quad Core cortex A7. 1GB RAM, Adreno 305 graphics 720p screen with iPhone like PPI. blazing audio output, dual mic, Solid Benchmark scores, Fluid KitKat 4.4 experience., and very very good reception - i can use h+ network in my parking of 4 floors apartment in core city area of pune 
 
above features are simply no phone can beat at this price tag 
 
now about cons 
 
1.&gt;&gt; Cam 
first thing i dont care. I am photographer carrying SLRs all the times 
but technically its average 5 MP shooter 
not bad cam at all 
but not great like Sony or LG have in same class or lower class phone might perform better than the moto g cam 
Daylight performance of cam is good low light or indoor is ok 
but cam interface in zappy and clean  
 
Front cam clarity is really great and low light performance too... 
i am using face unlock 70% times it works even in low light, outdoor and at nights. 
but front cam not captures fast movements. while on video chat video will captured lil slow than audio 
 
2.&gt;&gt; Rest all cons 
Lil bit of heating after normal gaming, there are bugs in system in Aero plain mode, SIM detection. problem with headset sometimes not able to start music or receive call from headset button, screen catches smoudge, audio output is very loud but quality is ok. 
 
3.&gt;&gt; :P not con actually but as i am Sony fan 
really missing Xperia UI and Walkman player most :( no comparison at all with stock android UI, Xperia UI beats in every aspect. but also moto g UI is good 
 
rest all things is already there in other reviews.... 
 
Dont think of another phone if your budget is 14k 
close ur eyes and buy one 
there is no Competitor exist right now.... 
 
This is my detailed review after examining various things still there are many good things :)Value for &quot;Money&quot; phone...!.Ordered: 12:05 midnight on Thursday 6th Feb (Moto G 16GB + Moto Flip case - white color) 
Received: 12:05 noon on Sat 8th Feb (not opted for fast delivery) 
 
Package Content: 
-Moto G 
-White Charger (not data cable + charger combo type) 
-Normal white Motorola headset (above avgerage quality) 
-Ordered-Flip case 
 
About Phone: 
-Build quality is excellent &amp; phone looks premium device. 
-Early Performance speed is swift. 
 
My Story: 
-Myself Electronics Engg, so well versed with modern tech. 
-I was searching new phone for my business purpose. 
 
Requirement were 
-Price below 15K 
-Not huge screen phone 
-Good quality 
-Dual Sim (to separate business &amp; personal life) 
-Stay always Online 
-Using lots of Google service (so android) 
-Upgradeable in future 
 
Decided almost to buy Sony Xperia M dual (same price range). Then saw of Moto G India release news. 
 
So my view about Moto G: 
1. Was released in Nov 13, so phone was well tested by many &amp; lots of review informed of pros &amp; cons of it. 
2. 720p HD IPS LCD screen panel. 
3. Water-Repellent Coating (My last xperia phone earpiece speaker was busted due to single drop of water fell into it in BEST bus leakage)  
4. 16GB is more than enough for business purpose (as i am not in gaming or movie watching more) (OTG support present) (12GB user usable) 
5. Battery Non-removable (not a problem-mine last xperia battery still running from last 2.5 years) (and after such duration we definitely jump on next latest phone model) (and for water resistance property in-build sealed battery is requirement) 
6. Dual-Sim form factor supported. (so good for me) 
7. Guaranteed Upgrade to Kitkat in future. (with close-to stock android) 
8. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 support. (which is their latest alteration) 
9. Camera quality is above average &amp; more than enough for online social snaps. (do you except SLR type quality from this size sensor) 
10. 1 Gb Ram for my business purpose is more than enough. 
11. GLONASS for navigation. (available only in iphone or high end phones) (not tested yet) 
12. last but not least: when saw the price of 16GB Moto G with Flipkart+WS Retail selling i had no doubt remained (till now i have only shopped on flipkart through trusted WS Retail and they are only seller providing 30-days replacement warranty) (last Lumia 720 buyed from them was defective due to non-functioning of camera flash LED, so called them on 7th days &amp; they replaced it with new piece) (my point hear...you get 30 days to test the phone for every defect possible, so safety of investment) 
 
Just received the phone so all my review is based on pre-part of phone. Will use this for sometime and will update about any new finding. 
 
Thanks &amp; RegardsAwesome product by motorola..I have been using this device since the last one month.Here's what i found after using this product...... 
PROS- 
1-Display- GREAT display.The display is awesome and you will find great color reproduction and great viewing angle. 
2-Design-The phone is well designed and fits very well in none hand.You can use it with one hand comfortably. 
3-Battery-The battery lasts for one full day with heavy usage.I attend approximately 40 calls,1 hour of music,1 hour of fb and whatsapp,1 hour of web browsing and 1 hour of video playback and 1 hour of heavily loaded games. 
4-Processor-The phone's quad processor works without a glitch.It handles every task with ease.mult-tasking is seamless and easy.No lags what-so-ever. 
5-Video and media playback-It handles most of the hd videos very easily and the loudspeaker is really VERY loud.Perfect for the Indian conditions. 
6-Games and other apps-The graphics on this phone are awesome and most of the heavily loaded games worked well.Asphalt 8 was a delight on this phone.99% of the apps worked without a glitch. 
7-Connectivity- WIFI has a good range and the network bar is fully connected 995 of the times. 
8-CAMERA-THE 5 megapixel camera on this phone is of a very good quality.Picture s during the day are flawless.A little bit of noisy reproduction was visible in the night.But overall the camera is pretty good and the interface is very neat and tidy. 
9-MOTOROLA SUPPORT-I think that we should thank motorola for providing apps such as assist and migrate which are really very useful and workable.regular updates from motorola has ensured that the device is always performing up to the mark. 
 
CONS- 
NONE!!! 
 
OVERALL-A great product in 12k-13k range.I recommend this product to all those who want a great top notch device in this mid range section.This is THE DEVICE TO GO FOR.Moto G.I am not satisfied with Order which i have received , Below are the discrepancies , 
 
1) As mentioned in the Website Moto G Should have 16 GB Internal Memory But I have received with 12.9 GB what about remaining 3.1 GB ?? variance with in MB?s Range can acceptable not with GB?s Range (Team Flipkart Trying to Cheat their Customers ?? ) 
2) As mentioned in the Website Moto G have Ear Buds Head set but I have received the one with Normal or Very Ordinary Head set (Team Flipkart Trying to Cheat their Customers ?? ) 
3) We have Chargers for Moto G but where is the USB Cable ?? without USB Cable how can we connect with PC or LAPTOP to exchange the Datas ?? Is that we (Customer) need to purchase outside Market ??Why you don?t we have options use the Chargers as Date Cable like how Samsung , Nokia , Iphone Etc.. 
4) Team Moto G or Flipkart have any sense ?? I have ordered Black Set (Mobile ) but I have received Headset with White Color (Which I don?t like ever) and feeling Odd to wear it . (Frustrated)simply extraordinary!!!.hi..netizens !!! 
first of all i'm very proud to say that I'M USING MOTO G.. and the another one is that i bought it from FLIPKART.. this is not my first experience with flipkart in buying mobile, this is my 3rd i think so... since my first purchase till date, i never got frustrated with this FLIPKART GUYS so the first thanks goes to FLIPKART for selling the EXTRAORDINARY MOBILE... 
 Coming to the point, i should hav to write this review 3 weeks back but i'm writing now .. the reason behind this is '' we cant judge a mobile with its first day or first week performance.&quot; thats why i waited for these many days to write my review... 
 i used the mobile for above 3 weeks and i found some battery probs and sim detection problems... you should have to ignore this becoz... we have 30 replacement gurantee provided by FLIPKART so no need to worry about that i also got replaced with a brand new mobile from FLIPKART (WS RETAIL PVT LTD.,) many are complaining that flipkart guys are not helping us from the above stated issues.. but its not true i got complete technical support from flipkat.. since the mobile has got severe response the flipkart guys are out of tehcnical support may be this could be the reason..but they took my complaint very severly.... so thumbs up to FLIPKART and WS RETAIL PVT., LTD 
 The mobile is such a master piece.. i no need to explain each and every feature of the mobile since flipkart is supplied with specs in this website...the performance is ULTIMATE under 15K.... who will give a gorilla protection with nano coating for water repellant ??? only motorola will give such a protection under 15K.. display quality is excellent .. i dont face any problems with voice calls... browsing depends on the browser.. i use both wifi and mobile data... page loads fast in 2g speeds (&gt;150 kbps) also... 
 CAMERA is quite good the auto exposure and auto focus is damn speed and its focusing on any object with in milli seconds... vedio recoding is in720 p also good for a 5 MP mobile. it is provided with led flash which is very good. 
 INTERNAL memory is 16 gig out of which u will get around 12.5 gig.. which is pretty sufficient for an medium use of mobile... there is also the support of USB HOST i.e USB OTG support which allows the user to connect a pendrive usin a OTG cable available in the market around 100/- the writing and readings speeds are pretty good ...not disappointing.. 
 SPEAKER quality is very good louder, acoustic and the ring is audible even in traffics also the mic is very good ... 
  PROCESSOR , RAM , GPU are from good manufacturers so need to worry about the CPU... 
 i have some of the negatives about the mobile is that the charger is given with non- detachable usb chord which makes us to buy a separate usb data cable...:-( 
the in box earphones quality is good but the speakers are with big dia.. many of the people can't fix them in their ears even i'm suffering from pain becoz of the earphones . the earphones are NOT bud type..they are ON EAR PHONES. 
 apart from the above.. i dont have any problem with this mobile... 
once again thumbs up to flipkart for good support and also to WS retail pvt. ltd for replacement..... :-) happy ending :p 
NOTE: I DIDN'T RECEIVE ANY KIND OF FUNDS FROM FLIPKART TO WRITE THIS REVIEW :PPremium Handset in this bracket!.Pros: 
 
Premium Look (Didn't expect it when I looked at the pics online but when you hold it, It sure does feel like the premium phones, even Samsung top tier phones have that cheap plastic feeling but not this.) 
 
16 Gig Storage (seems restricted at first but trust me, there is enough space for all apps and games you could possibly want.) Also the 50 Gig storage in Drive is a bonus. 
 
Speaker - Loud enough to garner attention from people around you (lol) 
 
Battery easily lasts over a day for regular user (fb/Whatsapp/occassional gaming with Wifi/3G) 
 
Headphone - Excellent quality, not in-ear headphones but they place inside the ear quite easily and don't cause a lot of difficulty 
 
Fast - Butter smooth with the KitKat update (comes pre-installed now) 
 
Cons: Hardly anything significant 
 
Back-cover gets smudgy so better to use a flip case. 
 
Battery charger gets heated up (doesn't affect charging though) 
 
Camera - This is where it takes a hit imo, the output is not great when the natural light is less. Even with enough artificial lights the output is grainy. It is sufficient in daylight. If camera is your top priority in a phone, there isn't a lot to talk about with this phone. Although for casual purpose it serves its purpose, the single LED flash is powerful. 
 
No USB wire to connect to PC (but it seems international version didn't have the charger and ear-phones, so we Indians are probably better off lol). 
 
All in all, the phone is definitely worth all the hype its getting. I'd even pay 20k for it. 
 
4.5/5A brilliant phone ... at a fantastic price!.It's always hard to write a review for a product on which so much has already been written about. 
 
Every once in a while, a manufacturer surpasses all your expectations from a product, and leaves you with absolutely no reason NOT to buy that product. 
 
In my view, the brilliant Moto-G from Motorola is one such remarkable product. It defies the conventional logic of a cheap phone being actually &quot;cheap&quot;, by delivering a high-quality product at a remarkable price. 
 
Yes, the spec-geeks can crib about the &quot;only&quot; 1GB of RAM, and &quot;mediocre&quot; camera performance. But if you are going to judge the Moto-G by the specs that it offers, then you are missing the point completely. 
 
The Moto-G isn't about what it &quot;DOESN'T&quot; have. It is about what it &quot;DOES&quot; have ... at this price. An honest, good-quality, value-for-money phone; that will deliver all that few phones at this price-point will, and more ... 
 
After the Nexus 4, very few products have packed this much quality into this low a price-point. 
 
I didn't need another phone, but I still went ahead and bought one, just as a gesture of my appreciation to Motorola &amp; Google for coming out with such a thoughtful product for us &quot;common&quot; people who work hard for a living; and would like to see our money spent well ... 
 
My recommendation to anyone who is looking at buying a mid-range phone that delivers more than it promises! For anyone who wants more &quot;frills&quot;, there is always the Moto-X ...Thanks Flipkart, Motorola and Google !!!.First of all, I am neither tech-savvy nor do i go for the latest fads. But, ever since, i read about nexus 5, was planning to buy (at US launch price). Was disappointed to see the Indian price being so high compared to US price. 
 
Then i read about Moto G. Everything i read made me believe this is the closest to the best high end smartphones. Was sure if the Indian launch price was below 15k, it would be a roaring success and i would buy the same. 
 
Though the wait was agonizing for all of us (i cant imagine the disappointment for others when i myself was waiting impatiently even though am not so much into latest things craze), it was good to see that neither Flipkart nor Motorola were greedy to have the launch price higher. This is the right price to break the barriers for the COMMON MAN to have a great SMARTPHONE. 
 
Have read lot of reviews here and can only state that, 
Lets thank Steve Jobs &amp; Apple to bring I-phone concept, equally thank all smartphone providers (Samsung / Micromax) to show us phones are not just NOKIA (was one of the loyal fans). Thanks Google for the Android platform. 
 
I am writing here only because of so many negative reviews which i feel are unfair to both Flipkart and Motorola. I hope some of the errors mentioned on part of both are just one-offs. I am yet to personally see the phone which got delivered today much before schedule. Am sure it would justify my wait for an EXCEPTIONAL PHONE AT AN EXCEPTIONAL PRICE. Hope the delivery situation is sorted out and everyone gets their Moto G at earliest. 
 
My colleague is a big time fan of Flipkart and now you can count me also. 
 
Not only your ads were great but also the service. I have mostly used Flipkart for gifting to near ones but first time self use for Moto G. From now on, i will mostly Flipkart.AMAZINGGGGGGGG !!!!!!! DELIVERY.I was looking for Moto G-16 GB since long time as i was curious to get this phone soon , whenever i tried to order this phone got it out of stock, finally i have placed an order on dated 26/02/2014 around 4.16 p.m. and flipkart was showing the product with tag Line &quot; To Be Reserved &quot; and make it deliver after 5 to 7 days but i got surprised even shocked when i got massage on my No. about this product that it will be deliver to me by 28 feb, and again in morning 27 feb i got aware by flipkart that my Product is on the way to my doorstep. Flipkart U guys are Roking , i never found any Online website who gives such a fast Delivery. 
after I received my product i found the packaging was so good even condition of phone is very nice no complaints on product delivery as its 100% original. 
On many reviews it was pointed that Box Piece of Moto G comes without Earphone and Data Cable but i got the Earphone along with Charger and handset however Data Cable is really missing . 
one more thing i got MOTO -G with latest Android -4.4.2 out of the box. 
 
I will highly recommend to others who really want this powerful handset and looking to buy from Flipkart because Flipkart never Disappoint me with there services. 
 
thanking you all who find this review helpful for them. 
 
Moto-G is really a powerful device.A remarkable experience overall..!!.Ordered this phone and the order was confirmed on the launch day. 
The phone itself was delivered on 8th February (morning), as dependable a service as you can get, ever. 
 
The phone itself is great. I don't think it needs any more reviews and benchmark scores than the ones already posted. 
 
Feels balanced in your hand, never slippery. Hardware buttons do the job. Dual radios for calling work flawlessly. And the screen res is the icing on the cake. 
 
The camera, though low on specifications, is always a delight when used in average/well-lit conditions. Camera-phones and low light photos never really go hand in hand, we all know. 
 
The hardware is great, playing 1080p videos is a breeze. Asphalt 8 and Six-Guns are run without absolutely no lags. There is a bit of heating up with long hours of gameplay. Nothing to worry about though. 
 
The battery easily lasts for over a day with gaming, browsing, calling, and the usual stuff like Whatsapp, FB, Gmail sync on for two accounts. 
 
Also, got the KitKat update a week after purchasing, so no problems there. 
 
It is amazing because I have nothing negative to say about the phone. Or maybe just that the usb cable is not included in the sales package. 
 
No wonder it is the most sought after phone here today, total Value for Money. 
 
Go for it..!!What need i say?.Quad core Snapdragonn 400 CPU 
1 Gig RAM 
Adreno 305 GPU 
Didn't even need to see reviews for this one. 
The speaker is loud, the performance is great, handles games like a pro. 
 
VS Nexus 7? 
I have a nexus 7 but my mom's phone suddenly gave up so i told her to go for Moto G. 
My Nexus 7 (probably due to the large screen and maybe the tegra processor) gives a little less FPS on Full graphics in Asphalt 8, but this thing plays it extremely smooth. 
Snapdragon gives great processing power and Adreno 305 does it for the graphics. No obviously Tegra GPU gives additional graphic details which you wouldnt get in other GPUs but its only for some games and personally i feel it doesn't really make all that of a difference. 
 
Display 
I kinda like the display due to the viewing angles and soothing effect. But it does have its disadvantages. It's bright enough for outdoors and the HD screen works great for videos (HD videos ofcourse :p). For the price tag, its a great display. 
 
Camera 
Probably the only minus point here. It's OK for casual use, not fine but ok. If you are a photographer you're not gonna like this. But then you've got a price point, so there's got to be something bad too :) 
 
Some people compare this to other MMX, KARBONN, XOLO phone in this price range. But then remember, there's quality, SNAPDRAGON vs MTK, Trust and Service Centres that you cant forget. Choose wisely ;) 
 
Erica Griffins, a reviewer on Youtube dipped this phone in water for THIRTY MINUTES, and it was still working fine. Do i need say more?Bang on Motorola..........................By launching such a kind of product in such a competitive market which comprises of major attribute Affordable &amp; Qualitative both at a time of which End user always looks of. Doubtlessly Motorola has proved its latency in the ground. 
A great product &amp; platform for comeback and an alarm for their rivals by taking mobile user experience at a new level. which has increased the parameters for the satisfaction level of customer ( A Brilliant strategy and phenomenal example of a customer oriented Approach). 
But an alarm for the other phone manufacturers that please emphasis on quality &amp; affirmation. 
And yes lastly FLIPKART service is like Icing On a Cake.............In time &amp; precise. and delivering completely what they say of. 
I Ordered 16 GB variant with an In a day delivery. It took 14 hours of interval from the time of booking to reach the hands of a customer . a very commendable Job guys Keep It Up. 
this is the most basic feature of which you can feel yourself very Proud that a customer is taking out time to write a Review and Appreciate for your good work...........................keep going like this............................Luv U Motorola...... :)wowww..14k.. seriously???? Go and click on BUY NOW button before its too late...First of all thanks a tonnnn FLIPKART for making this amazing product available and WS Retail for there awesome awesome delivery on time. 
Ordered on 26th Feb 11:05 pm and was delivered on 28th Feb 11:33 am. _/\_ 
I stay in Bangalore :p 
 
Coming to the product... 
Everyone would have read the reviews and specs so no need to mention that... 
I'll just tell what i felt after using for 3 days... 
 
i'm a huge WINDOWS phone fan.. owned a Lumia before.. mainly because of its 
-interface 
-no lags 
-smooth 
 
So was expecting the same from ANDROID.. 
Moto g runs on stock android so I'm very very satisfied with the interface and response. 
 
After unboxing when u first hold the phone it feels very very premium. Thank you MOTOROLA. 
 
When u first boot the phone.. first thing that will strike u is the stunning display.. way wayy better than the phones u get for this price. 
 
CAMERA is not that bad. Outdoors u can capture some decent looking pics but under artificial lighting colors get washed out. 
TIP- Use HDR mode.. indoors for decent pics. 
 
OS- Read people having issues after upgrading to KITKAT. So thought staying with JELLY BEAN for a while.... But, was not able to control when it kept saying update available so upgraded to kitkat anyway . :p 
and and i have noo issues with camera and absolutely no lags whatsoever. 
in fact the performance and interface is much much better. obviously.. 
 #WEIRD 
 
I would definitely recommend this product if your looking for a phone bellow 20K.. 
Not able to stay away from it for the past 3 days. Im addicted :p 
LOVING ITBest in Class/ Value for Monery.I have been using this phone for a week now. Here is my review 
Good 
1. Display is one of the best in class. High end phones should feel ashamed considering prize. 
2. The phone usage experience is butter smooth. No Lag anywhere. 
3. The connectivity options are the best. 
4. Performance of the phone in games, emails, switching between application, multitasking is best in class. 
4. The overall handling of the phone is great. Feels great in hand. Looks premium when placed on desk at workplace and everyone will take a look at this device. 
5. Viewing video on this phone is awesome experience. 
6. 4.5 Inch screen is the best for single hand operation over all mobility. 
7. The light sensor works very well. 
 
Bad/Average 
1. The In Call quality of the phone is average and could have been better 
2. The Speaker phone call quality is also average 
3. Non Removable battery 
3. The Glass attracts dust and the sides of the phone too. 
4. Screen is prone for fingerprint marks 
5. The power button is not very firm and is the only source to unlock the phone(Unless root and use to tweaks to volume rocker) 
6. The stock android experience is sometimes not very user friendly e.g. there is no notification toggle. You need to install similar app from Google Play. 
7. There is no file manager. Need to download from Google Play 
8. Stock Gallery is average. Download Quick Pick or something 
(All software/application part may not be bad not not in stock experience). 
 
Verdict : 
1. The best phone people. Go for it. 
2. Value for money 
3. Best in Market at the moment 
********** 10 StartsMoto G the best buy of the year.Its been a week since I got this Phone and by far its not disappointing.. 
 
Ran into couple of small troubles on the way but got over it pretty soon.. 
 
1. Camera error: Oh wow this is an ultimate letdown.. 3 days into using this phone and I ran into this camera error right when I was supposed to take some snaps in office.. Eeep.. embarrassing.. 
 Fix: Well there is a fix ;) Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All -&gt; Camera 
  Here Clear Data and Clear Cache.. (Kitkat) 
  for Jelly Bean users same steps as above but also Uninstall Updates. After this the camera would again auto update and voila !! &quot;All Is Well&quot; 
 
Note: I was using Jellybean when that error popped up.. Upgraded to Kitkat couple of days later 
 
2. Hangouts and Messaging notification for sms: Well here we get alerts from hangouts when the sms arrives (I hate hangouts let alone use it as an sms app) 
 
Open Hangouts -&gt; click the 3 dots -&gt; Settings -&gt; SMS -&gt; disable sms (lucky those who dint integrate sms the first time) 
 
Kitkat upgrade: The default messaging app is there !!! Yay !! 
 
*************************************************************************************************** 
So for those who are reluctant to go for the Kitkat update... Dont worry most of the major issues with that OS is fixed.. More updates from Google coming soon...Best Budget Smartphone . Amazing Phone !!.I am writing this review after using it for 2 weeks and i cant wait to tell my amazing experience with MOTO G . I also got one for my friend. 
 
M using 16 gb phone. I have Installed many applications and high end games and still i am left with 2 gb free space. 
 
The Phone is a bit heavy but its more safe and the feel of holding the phone because of back nano coating cover is great. Its simple and looks great without any logo on its front side. 
 
Butter smooth touch , Clean Interface, Pure Android, everything adds up to a great pleasure to use the phone. I was sick of seeing samsung interface and its usual performance. Gorilla Glass protection comes very handy for people like me who doesnt care much about scratches 
 
Awesome video clarity and color quality. The speaker sound is too good and loud with decent voice (nt much loud like its in low end phones). Audio output with earphones is also great compared to other phones (except sony). U need to get new earphones for this. 
 
I have played Asphalt 8, GTA Vice City, San Andreas, Fifa 14, NFS Most wanted and every game ran without any lag and believe me it does not consume much of your battery. Compare any benchmark test and you will get results as near to Nexus 4. 
 
Battery performance is also nice, i am charging it once a day and it gives 20-22 hours of battery life with using the phone like hell. Normal usage will give 1.5 days. 
 
Guys dont think any more, Just go for this phone . For more comparison and reviews you can visit any website and you will get the same answer, as i researched a lot before buying this phone.Finest phone (under INR 14000).REVIEW 
VIDEO REVIEW 
The Motorola Moto G has a 2,070mAh battery, just a tiny bit smaller than the battery of the Nexus 4. As with the camera, packing a large battery into the phone clearly wasn't a massive priority. 
 
This is a phone you'll likely need to charge every day, unless you're a light user. Motorola hasn't packed any of its own particularly invasive power-saving modes into the phone, but there is the standard 'battery saver' mode of Android 4.3. (4.4 kitkat Update Available In India ) 
 
Quite simply, this turns off 3G background data access for apps when your battery is low. This is the most effective way to stretch out the final minute's of a phone's battery. Try turning off mobile data completely for proof - your phone will last much longer. With battery saver engaged you can squeeze about a day and a half out of that phone, which is about standard for an Android phone. 
 
You can't carry around a spare battery here, though, as it's locked into the Moto G. 
 
The Motorola Moto G has pretty unremarkable call quality, lacking both the beefiness and top-end clarity of the best phones. Top volume could also be a little higher. However, calls are still perfectly functional and the phone does have a secondary microphone on its top edge to provide active noise cancellation for calls. 
 
The phone's loudspeaker sits on the back, right up by the camera lens rather than down on the bottom edge as is the fashion with some manufacturers these days. As with the call quality, it's not one of the most impressive elements of the Moto G. 
 
It's a mono speaker with decent volume, but the treble is a little harsh. However, unlike some other budget phones we didn't have any major distortion issues at top volume. 
 
Should You Buy the Motorola Moto G? 
The Motorola Moto G is the finest phone (Under INR 14000) ever made. It&rsquo;s not perfect and it doesn&rsquo;t have everything that a more expensive phone has, but at every turn Motorola seems to have made the right design decisions, while pushing the price down even further than penny-pinchers ZTE and Huawei have done in recent years. 
 
This is a phone that can do almost everything a Nexus 5 can &ndash; or at least everything 90 per cent of the population would want to do with the phone. If you want a sub-&pound;150, or even sub-&pound;200, phone, this is the one to go for. 
 
It's more powerful than more expensive competitors like the HTC Desire 500 and Sony Xperia M, but it's the screen that seals the deal. It's just in a different league to rivals. 
Verdict 
The Motorola Moto G is one of the best phones of the year. This phone deserves to sell by the bucketload.Moto G : best decision I have made in recent times.Though it is early to say , I think this is one of the best decisions I made in a long time regarding product buy outs. 
 
I was surprised to see that a charger and hands free were also included in the package. The phone worked beautifully out of the box and the hardware is robust. The response time of the device is fabulous. I have installed most of the apps I regularly use and on full load , there is another 400MB of free RAM. I am so relieved with the dual sim configuration settings. It is a breeze and I have used a reliance card for data and airtel sim for voice and messaging. With all applications installed , I have 11GB space left for personal use which is adequate for all my music. The camera is mediocre , but will do for me. I did a full charge for the battery and has been using heavily for the last 12 hours including an update to Kitkat :) and still 25% battery left. Quite remarkable for a phone worth 14k. 
 
Standing ovation for the excellent product. Hope that the after sales is handled well ( seriously hope do not have to go there ) 
 
Last but not the least , the flipkart website showed a delivery time of 8 days , but this beauty of a device was delivered to me in flat 48 hours.Signal Problem!!!.I would not recommend this to people who think there calls are precious and they cannot afford a call drop every now and then. I'm facing a complete signal loss problem on both SIMs after upgrading to 4.4 kitkat but not sure whether it's bcoz of upgrading it to 4.4 or could have faced the same issue with the version with which it comes. 
 
This problem has already been raised by many moto g users at motorola moto g community forum. 
 
&quot;It's really disappointing that there is no fix provided for this yet&quot; 
 
This phone does have some very good features but the basics should work fine, I cannot accept a phone which is actually losing its meaning of PHONE! No matter how smart it is in other stuffs !!! 
 
But YES, there is no other phone in the market right now which can actually compete with moto g at this price range, you can go for it (if the issue is with only 4.4 upgrade) but make sure you will not upgrade to 4.4 until there is a fix available for signal issue, because there is no stepping back :)The Best Mobile I have ever used (Review after using one month--USA version).Hi, 
I have purchased Motorola MotoG 16gb single sim version from US for 225 dollars including tax and a Motorola dual port OEM wall charger.(My un boxing video is available in you tube) Here is my review of the phone. 
Inside the box I got only a phone, data cable and manuals. 
This is the best device below 20k or even 25k. 
I have checked the bechmark test and got a score of 17104 and the device stands below GalaxyS3 and above Nexus4. 
I am heavy user of different applications like 
 FB, FB messenger,watsapp, wechat, skype, hangout,twitter,telegram, viber, line and lot more. These applications are always active and use memory. Still MotoG never hangs. It feels too smooth. It never hanged for me in last 1 month. Its definitely worth money. Even of its 20k, still its worth money. Some people are worried about storage space. I was using a samsung galaxy S advance which gets hanged 3-4 times a day. So whats the point of storage space if you cant use the phone properly? 
you will get a gorilla glass3, water repellent smartphone!!! 
 
PROS: 
Everything is Pro for this phone. Its the perfect phone for this price or even 20k. 
 
CONS: 
1. I am having a little bit problem with call quality. I can rate it 6/10. A muffling sound is there in the back ground. May be its because of US version. I don't know. 
2. Storage capacity(Its not a con for me because I store only mp3 in my phone)Best Branded Value for Monery Android Smartphone..Super fast delivery by flipkart. 
Now something about the Phone 
 
Pros(Advantages): 
1.Good Battery Back up @ quad core speed. 
 
2.Best in class Performance 
It can handle HD games without any lags 
Games that I played without any lags are Asphalt 8,Front-line Commando, Call of duty Modern Combat 4 and six Guns. and last but not the least temple run and subway surfers. 
 
3.Screen: Best in class display 
HD(720p) 326 ppi icons just look awesome. 
Corning&reg; Gorilla&reg; Glass protection. 
 
4.Dual Sim 
 
5.position of Lockpower button and volume rockers is perfect. 
 
6.Phone fits perfectly in hand 
 
7.Awesome matte finish(black stock cover silver Motorola logo on back looks Awesome.) 
 
8.Comes with 4.4.2 guys who got it with 4.3 do not worry it is up gradable to 4.4. 
 
9.Speaker Output is so clear and loud. 
 
10.water repellent coating. Not water proof but if accidentally falls in water phone remains safe till 10 to 30 secs depending on the depth of water at that time. 
 
Cons:(disadvantages) 
 
Camera could have been better for indoor and low light captures. 
 
stock earphones are so bad just for calling not at all for music get skull candy, sound 
magic and creative etc for good sound quality. 
 
Charger is fixed wire Motorola can provide the one which it provides with MOTO X. 
 
Call quality could have been better. 
 
Display flickers(Continues slight increase and decrease in brightness) when brightness level set to lowest. Noticeable when Background is white. 
 
The worst thing is that it takes 3 to 3.5 hours to get fully charged if you charge with the charger that comes with phone.(stock charger). 
 
no microsd card slot but pen drives can be used with the help of OTG cable.A Phone to buy with your eyes closed (y) (y) (y).Best product at given price point (y)(y) (y) 
Nothing comes close!!! 
just 1 concern's if ur a gamer like me get the the 16gb version !! 
or your good to go with the 8gb model offering around 5gb usable space i guess !! 
Anyways as you know U don't got expandable storage so you got as much space you got when you bought it !! so be careful about which one you chose!! 
 
&amp; i went throw some video reviews you can also check in YouTube its Waterproof &amp; also Scratch Resistance!!! OMG wright 
&amp; Camera is also not bad its ok taking snaps for everyday life&gt;&gt;&gt; 
 
But Only wish Flipkart would have send me the Cell!!! 
 
 I Waited and Waited for the first day lunch offer &amp; i even ordered on time but due to some 10,000rs courier restriction they don't sell me the product!! :'( :'( for i ordered it when the 16gb was in stock but i could not get it!! i hope they take of the restriction soon on loyal customers no matter where they are!!! 
 
&amp; yes all present games run smooth with the snapdragon 400 with adreno 305 gpu if you don't believe check cpu &amp; gpu benchmarking!!Exceptional Phone at Exceptional price indeed.Was waiting for it on the day when it was launched, some how ordered it along with the cover on 6th and got it on Monday, 10th Feb. Look and feel of the phone is awesome and have been using the phone from past two days and it has lived up to the mark. Also got the back shell in Vivid Red as per Flip kart's promotional 70% discount. 
Here as the Pros; 
1)Quad core processor handles all kind of heavy HD games like ease. If you are a heavy gamer, then definitely this is the phone you must be looking forward too. 
2) Battery easily lasts for a day (still testing) 
3) Corning gorilla glass, scratch resistant 
4) Can play HD videos 
5) Out of 16 GB you get, 12.92 for all your use. 
Cons: 
1) Camera: But it worked fine when updated manually from the play store. I strongly recommend to update the Camera App for shutter happy people. 
2) NO USB CABLE: Should have been there in the sales package 
 
Above all, I have a little emotional connect with this brand since my first phone was a Motorola ! Any ways, Welcome back and hope it is here to stay.Amazing product! Value for 14k!.Well to be honest and upfront... I wasn't very keen in buying Moto G at first but then upon searching a lot and lot and lot, I finally caved in. 
First impression of the phone is - Wow! U feel that u are having a premium , suave kinda device that looks cool and professional. 
 
Adv: 
--Superb features (Everything mentioned on flipkart) 
Excellent feel...the screen touch is smooth as it can be...comes with a Corning Gorilla 3 glass..so those who tend to keep their keys and change with the phone..nothing to worry. 
-- Lovely interface..mine came with a Kitkat update (4.4.2) 
-- Great video (viewing and recording) 
--Volume is perfect for me..neither too high that it screeches..nor too low that u need someone else to tell u the phone is ringing! 
-- 12 gig space to be used...for me its more than sufficient.. I mean its a phone..not a computer! 
-- Games play smooth and doesn't lag. I ve played fifa 14, Ruzzle, Stick cricket, Real car racing 3, Subway surfers and temple run 1 and 2. No problems whatsoever! 
 
Things which I wish they were better. (Cant really say disadv, I mean u cant expect everything perfect) 
 
-- Camera 5 Mp is good, clicks well within a well lit room, but could have been better. 
-- Should have been a little lighter. 
-- The in-the-box earphones shud have been earplugs..like the ones with samsung devices. 
 
Rest everything is great with the device. My take on the product is 4/5. 
And of course, not to forget, flipkart was prompt.. I got it within 24 hours (that in-a-day guarantee).. 
If u are buying, u are gonna love it..if not u are gonna hear ppl saying they're loving it! :P 
 
Cheers.Well Build - Kitkat 4.4.2 - Snapdragon - 329 ppi display.I will make it simple....if someone is looking for smart phone around 10k budget, you will not regret spending few extra bucks and buy MOTO G. 
 
it is a fabulous phone... 
PROS (according to me): 
- It has latest Kitkat OS 4.4.2 out of the box 
- 329 ppi display, so super resolution close to Ratina display in iPhone. 
- Brightness and outdoor visibility is better than Nexus 5. 
- Gorilla Glass 3 protection 
- nano coating for water spill resistance which also makes it more smooth on the touch surface. 
- snapdragon processor in comparison of Mediatek processor in most budget phones. 
- Its snappy and no lag at all. 
- Battery lasts full day in moderate phone use + music play + data usage. 
- It does support OTG to connect your pendrives and keyboard/mouse. 
- its speaker has more boost and clarity in comparison to Nexus 5 and some Samsung devices. even output in earphone is great. 
- Never hangs, nor heats up. 
- Better surround noise cancellation. 
- Tightly fitted great rubberized back cover and you have vast choice of colours to explore from. 
- I have noticed that its wi-fi and bluetooth strength is so good that it can make some highend devices to shame. 
 
CONS (which I have noticed): 
- it does not have external storage. I have bought 16 GB variant which is good but not enough if you like to carry stuff with you. 
- it takes more than 2 hours to fully charge. 
- it does not have quick toggle for Auto Rotate, which I miss. you have to go in settings to do so. 
- Screen on my device bleeds a little from the top, which makes me worried. but may be thats in this device only. 
- Dialer and phone book is little bit different in Kitkat but you will be used to it in a day or two. 
- No seperate touch capacitive buttons so the in screen buttons take up little of screen estate, but not a problem in normal use and in video more or some apps in full screen it is hidden. so not an issue. 
 
I am so much in love with MOTO G, that I can see not much flows in it. 
I love the raw Kitkat vanilla OS in the device with not so many unnecessary apps preloaded. 
 
I am one big fan of Moto G, its a great comeback device for Motorola. 
 
I think I should be receiving one of your great colour back cover or flip cover for sharing my honest review. ;)Smartphone for a smartbuyer.I got my MotoG delivered yesterday. Thanks to Flipkart for the amazing delivery time of just 2 days (which indeed was hard for me to wait). 
 
I was using a Nokia X6 Symbian before, (which I hardly consider smart), so this being my first Android phone, I researched a lot before ordering. 
 
You can't get a better phone for 20k. My one came loaded with KitKat 4.4.2 Android. The phone looks and feels real good in the hand. And it's really a value for money any day over Nexus. The power button is indeed a bit wobbly, but once you delve into the stunning display, you seem to forget everything else. KitKat do have OTG support still I would recommend a 16GB version as you never know how heavy future Androids would be. The battery is also great. I had to play all kinds of game, with background app downloading (more games :D ) and live wallpaper and music streaming from 8tracks to bring down the battery from full to 50% in 4 hours! The Android version being pretty close to stock, expect a clean look and fast upgrade availability in the future. 
 
Nothing can get better than this (among phone currently available and those planned to be released by this year). 5 star is an understatement. Just have a look at the number of people rating this phone in Flipkart. Win the crowd, you win the game!....After a long wait got my hand on this Beast!.I booked this phone on the 9th of Feb. and finally on 17th Feb. the order moved from Processing to seller confirmation! 
and on 19th Feb 01:05 PM The order was delivered to me! 
The phone is awesome! 
I don't need to write all the pros as the list is to big but to summarize it i have:- 
Pros: 
An absolute Beast Display. 
Camera quality for outdoor photos is very good! 
When I booted this beast after the start up setup i got the notification for the Kit-kat update (230.7 Mb) 
Pure vanilla android just like a nexus device! 
Best part the slow motion video! 
Cons: 
Ya there are some cons which bothered me. 
like! 
When i close the camera there is a click sound which comes from the camera it self like closing of camera shutter! 
The camera's indoor performance is not as good as lumia 520. 
Some time it gives error to me as camera stopped working and UI crashed but nothing happens when i re-start the camera app. 
***************************************************EDIT*********************************************** 
The phone some times don't take calls means their is no volume from the speakers the screen gets stuck on dialing.And then i have to restart the whole phone! 
And today the drop test of my phone was complete as my phone got slipped from my hands at an height of approx 5 ft as i was trying to face unlock the phone and the phone survived the crash with no scratches or any dents on it (*after falling the phone traveled a 1 m of distance on the floor before coming to rest). 
******************************************************************************************************* 
Nothing more to say about this phone.Well it is wort every penny!Best Quality and Great Value for Money..I will not mention all the phone specifications as those are all mentioned by many users here. 
I have placed order for Moto G (16GB) on 6th Feb (launch day) when it was shown that it will be delivered at my location in 2-3days, but 2-3 hours after placing the order I got sms/email from Flipkart that the phone will be delivered in 10day (i.e. on 17th Feb), I think this is because my order was Cash-On-Delivery. 
I have received it on 14th Feb. 
 
Earlier I have used Samsung Grand Quatro but Moto G is faar better than it. 
 
I have rated 5 stars for Moto G for below points. 
-- Great build quality and design 
-- Screen Clarity is superb (as good as iPhone). 
-- Sound quality of phone is good 
-- Touch screen gives excellent response. 
-- Rear 5mp Camera takes decent photos with auto focus and front camera is great. 
-- No lags during any operation or gaming 
-- gets updated to Andriod 4.4.2 Kitkat version as soon as you connect to internet. 
-- once fully charged battery lasts for 2 days in my mix usage of wifi (4-5 hrs) + gaming (40-50mins) + calling (1-2 hours) / listening music (1-2 hours). 
-- Its dual SIM phone and also has FM. 
-- All the features and specification as provided by manufacturer working great without any issues. 
 
Note: The headset that comes in box are average quality, using good qualify headset gives great sound effect with Moto G. 
 
I am using this phone over a week now and its great phone and even my all friends liked it. I will recommend this phone over any other phone currently available in market with the price of 20K. If you are planning to buy a smart phone in the range of 10k to 20k then this is the best phone that you can have at 12.5 or 14k. Just go for this guys.good quality at a decent price: Brand and consumer both happy.we were not expecting this from moto, but since it has taken the initiative by making a phone with quality display(IPS LCD) and screen(CORNING GORILLA GLASS 3) and making this easily affordable by making the right cuts for the market it targets, the consumers in India, largely one of the target markets has lauded the efforts with much love and immense demand. No doubts it comes with its fair share of cons being the 16gb/8gb restriction of space(the only biggest drawback where u need to make a choice on the kind of user u are). Other minimal drawbacks being the non-removable battery(XPERIA, NEXUS and many others suffer the same problem, big company's monopoly problem ) , its 5mp camera isn't as good but it's a usable one (u won't feel disappointed, it's not as good as samsung/lg/nokia 5mp, but is definitely better than a xperia/htc 5mp) (haven't talked about micromax/karbonn/lava/XOLO as even pics taken wid their 13mp phones look like vga cameras taking bigger size pics and not to mention their extremely shabby touch and the shine from their devices make them look like chinese phones). The processor has no issues whatsoever at this price tag. 
anyways here's a list of phones u can ditch to buy the moto g if u might be confused : GALAXY CORE, GRAND QUATTRO, GRAND NEO,HTC Desire X, XPERIA M and L,MICROMAX CANVAS 4Top-notch!.No doubt, it is the best phone under 20k. 
# Performance is above expectation. 
# Swift multi-tasking. 
# Almost all games run flawlessly. A slight glitch may be encountered when playing HD games on highest graphic settings. That's not a real big problem taking in consideration, the price of the phone. 
# Camera is also good enough. Fools are those who say that it's camera is mediocre. It's a phone, not a DSLR. Being a 5 MP shooter, it's results are pretty good. 
# KITKAT out of the box. Pure Android experience without any bloatware. 
# Battery backup is decent and lasts upto 20 hours with mixed usage. 
# At the beginning, speaker had a noisy output. Adjusted the equaliser and the problem sorted out. 
# Accessories bundled up with the phone is really cheap. The charger is fine, but the headset is just crap. One of it's ear piece does not work. But Motorola is supplying the accessories only for Indian market. Get good headset of your own and enjoy your music. 
A humble request, If you have decided to buy MOTO G, then go for 16 GB variant. 
GOOD LUCK!Moto G Complete Review.First things first, the phone is absolutely a steal for this price. You get the specifications of a 20k+ phone for 14K! It also comes with a promised 4.4 KitKat update. 
 
Build: The phone feels pretty solid and premium when you hold it. The rubberized back makes it comfortable to operate. The Moto G also has the option of replacing the back cover with any other colored case or a flip cover. The volume rocker and the power/unlock button are pretty crisp as well. The touch screen is Gorilla Glass 3 which looks stunning and ensures you don't need a screen guard. 
 
Display: The MOTO G comes with a HD display and boy does that look awesome! Fantastic display to read emails/ebooks watch videos/photos on. 
 
Operating System: The pure android version (without the crapware like touchwiz/Sense UI/Timescape UI) works like a charm and is butter smooth. There is no lag at all and it handles multitasking with ease. 
 
Camera: The camera is a decent one. You can snap good pictures in HDR mode while using it outside. In some shots you can easily tell that it lacks detail and low light imaging could have been better. But I'm not complaining! It also comes with a front cam that can come in handy for video calls. 
 
Processor &amp; RAM: The Moto G uses a 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad Core Processor and 1 GB RAM to power the device. Make no mistake, while other manufacturers are giving cheap processors at this price point, Moto G uses a high quality one. Applications work very smoothly and are a breeze on this phone. 
 
Battery Life: The battery is very capable. I was able to get more than 2 days worth battery backup with regular voice calls, being constantly connected to 2G data, syncing(push) multiple email accounts, using Facebook, twitter and Whatsapp periodically and some amount of E-book reading. 
 
VERDICT: A MUST BUY!Outstanding Phone in an Outstanding Price.Everything in this phone is outstanding. No extra apps, just the google apps and latest android i.e Kitkat 4.4.2. The supplied headphone could be better, but the sound quality of this phone is actually excellent. It has a built in equalizer by which one can adjust both the loudspeaker and the earphone sound. Using some other earphones will result excellent sound clarity and bass. 
 
The camera is not at all bad. It is better than the camera of galaxy core. The gallery supports advanced photo editing features like pixlr express. Outdoors it take outstanding photos. Enough memory (16 GB) for me as I am not a gamer at all. Gamers would not face a problem unless they order an 8 GB. 
 
The display quality is also excellent which could never be scratched for its gorilla glass protection. Previously I have used Moto Defy XT535 which also had that and believe me after almost two years of rough handling it's screen looks good as new. What else... Comfortable device shape and size, elegant looks, everything is a pro in this device, no cons... 
 
Google now, google newsstand and google play music I like most. Play Music is the best app in this phone I believe. But I think all this exciting things would be missed if you dont have a data plan or wifi. Because the first kitkat update would take almost 230 MB data and then the apps will be updated. Some extra google apps would be installed after the update. So choose your data plan before buying this phone lest the best part of android is missed.Awesome phone, poor launch, speedy delivery.About Flipkart delivery - 
Lot of people including me had a great deal in booking this phone before it went out of stock. I guess Motorola under-estimated it's own ability in Indian Market by providing very little stock to Flipkart. After saying the phone will be delivered only after 10 days of booking I got mine delivered in just 3 days. Flipkart service is excellent. 
 
About Phone- 
This is probably the best phone available in the market now. 
- It's a value for money phone 
- Looks premium, even the Flip covers looks premium quality. 
- Excellent ergonomics. It's heavy and I like it. 
- The in the box headphones are of average quality and the charging cable and 
 adapter are not detachable. There is not USB cable supplied. 
- Kitkat update soon. But OTG functionality will be disabled after the update. 
 otg can be used only with nexus media importer app. I hope there will be fix 
- best in class 1.3MP front cam and a decent 5MP rear cam. 
- very good battery life, 
- water resistant, Gorilla Glass, IPS display, Quad core Processor, Adeno 305 GPU, Dual SIM, 65GB cloud storage and Customization options. WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT? 
 
About Motorola- 
- Motorola is expanding it's current service centers in India, It has a good number of service centers aleady. Location details can be found in their website. 
- It has a good online support where you can chat with the customer care executives or even talk to them over phone through a toll free number. 
- Motorola Assist, Migrate, Track your phone feature, phone support and services seems good. After all it's Google and I trust them. (Even though the brand Motorola is sold to Lenovo, Google will continue to support them and Lenovo is known for keeping up with the brand name they buy. ex- Thinkpad. So I hope they will do well in smartphones too)this is realy true with regards MOTO 'G'  Exceptional Phone. Exceptional Price.I got 16 GB on 10 Mar 14 and it is an awesome feeling. This phone is really superb as much as I know I researched a lot about it because i want value for my money and Moto 'G' is really more than its value. 
 
About MOTO G 
 
1. The 4.5 inch edge-to-edge display comes with 720p HD resolution and 329 ppi - every pixel is sharp, vivid and crystal clear. 
 
2. The Quad Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Processor is clocked at 1.2 GHz to make the interface fluid to touch. 1 GB RAM to support multitasking and the Adreno Graphics 305 to let you play graphic-heavy games with great detailing. 
 
3. 4.3 OS which is upgradeable to KitKat as well. 2070 mAh Li-Ion battery that is built into the body of the device 
 
4. Corning gorilla 3 protection which is scratch proof even if you try to scratch it with keys 
 
5 Phone gives 50 gb google drive space for 2 years 
 
An Android smartphone that is, quite possibly, the best in its class, Moto G is a fresh and power-packed flagship model from Motorola 
 
In my view you can't get better than this upto 25000/- range.... so grab it immediately .. 
 
Thanks.Great value for money, a mini Nexus!!.I am little late to write this review, since I am using this phone for more than 3 weeks. I was lucky to get the 16 GB phone on the opening day itself also the deals were cool. I got a 1000 Rs off on clothing and 500 Rs off on ebooks. Also the case I couldn't booked on the same day itself but flipkart ensure it for till March 12 for 70 % off and I am waiting for it to reach. 
Now about the phone, it is a great value for money. 
The POSITIVES of the phone are the following ; 
I got the kitkat update after a week. For pure android experince. 
Good built quality. 
Stylish design. 
OTG is working even after kitkat update, but you can only see or listen to music or videos on the pendrive, you cannot transfer to either. For that you need to install software from google store 
Battery backup after the kitkat update is very good. 
High quality screen clarity which is really good on watching videos,pics and for gaming. 
Sound quality, I will give 4 on 5. 
Phone is very good in network signal strength. 
Now NEGATIVES are ; 
Camera is not that good on low lights. 
Keys are held on the screen (back,menu). 
Accessories like headset are not good enough. 
Phone is little bit heavier on grams. 
 
** After kitkat update all your music files wiil be moved to sdcard/music. For changing ringtone put the file in sdcard/ringtones or use total commander application . 
 
Verdict : Go for it, It is the phone for those who wants stylish, high end, trendy and technically its a 20k phone for a 14k! A mini nexus. 
I would suggest to go for 16 GB version.Exceeding Expectations!!!.I booked the 16GB model and I am pleasantly surprised with this device. 
 
PROS:- 
Build quality and Design: 
Sufficiently sturdy, the back cover provides for a nice grip and as per my opinion in this price range can't find a better looking phone. 
 
Performance: 
Powered with a 1.2Ghz Quad-core processor, Adreno 305 GPU and 1 GB RAM, this device provides you with a fast performance and handles multiple apps with ease. 
 
Display: 
Nice resolution(720p) and pixel density. Even in direct sunlight you can see the display quite well(better than premium phones eg. Galaxy Note 2, iPhone 4S). 
 
Battery: 
2070 mAh battery, I have had to charge my phone just once in the last 2 days (moderate usage). 
 
Android 4.4 Kitkat update: 
You can update your MotoG to the latest Android 4.4 Kitkat which is faster than Jelly Bean. 
 
Motorola Migrate: 
This app will enable previous Android users to easily transfer their data(including contacts, call logs and messages) wirelessly to this phone. 
 
Motorola Assist: 
It will keep the Moto G quiet while you're in a meeting or sleeping. 
The meeting options are to silence the smartphone and to send auto-replies. 
While the sleeping option lets you configure the time interval, allow calls from a favorite contact or list of contacts and put through calls from the same person if they call twice in the interval of 5 minutes. 
It's a good way to silence all those annoying notifications that come through in the middle of the night when you're trying to get some rest. 
 
CONS:- 
Camera: 
Questionable camera quality. Quality of daylight photos are better than the ones clicked at night-time(with flash) or indoors. 
 
Storage Capacity: 
No external memory card support. Although Google is providing Moto G users with 50GB space on Google Drive for 2 years, having an external memory card is much more efficient than retrieving your data from cloud storage. 
 
Accessories: 
USB data cable is not provided by Motorola. 
 
Conclusion:- 
It's near impossible to match the Moto G's bang for the buck. The screen, the overall performance, the OS updates and with this unbelievable price tag, it's getting ready to walk all over the cheap droids and Windows-powered smartphones.great phone ... but battery life..finally i got enough time to write a small review for this phone.. :P and after using it for more then 5 days i have figured out that this phone really deserve everything... the phone feels premium in it's class and perform like a beast.. which is great , being a gamer i had huge expectation and moto g never dissapointed me, i played asphalt 8 : airborne on high setting and other casual games and all of them run like a boss no problem at all.. 16gb out of which you get 13gb is more then enough. one of the thing that guy's you will love is that it come kitkat out of box when i checked my phone info i found it has already 4.4.2 kitkat and i was happy but this is the matter of concern, kitkat update i causing battery draining very fast google already claimed it and working on it's fix the battery backup of moto g which is known to be great is now not so good ... kitkat has bug which is draining battery of almost every smartphone which is running on kitkat. whether it is htc one , moto g even nexus 5.. but perfomance wise this phone is best and best value for money no other phone can come to near it.. 
 
my benchmark score : 
antutu- 17486 
quadrant-8980 
moto g already supressed nexus 4 and come close to samsung galaxy s3.. 
google already said that they will ralease new update soon which will fix this battery draining issue and then this phone will kick everyone like a boss...You get more than the Investment.After so much of waiting I have got my Moto G from my favourite on-line retailer Flipkart. (Though some problems are there with shipping of Moto G, I still prefer Flipkart). First of all, we need to appreciate Motorola for the package that they made. How they have managed such a compact and small packet for a phone, battery and headset. I was amazed by seeing the packet. 
Coming to the phone, it is very good for the money that we spend. IPS display, Gorilla Glass3, Quad core processor, 1 GB RAM all this features are less than 15K (13999 actually). The phone that you are getting is much more worth than the money that you invest, 
 
Positives: 
1. Display: it is having IPS display with 1280X720 resolution. Clarity is top notch. 
2. Gorilla Glass : Provides additional security to display. 
3. Processor and RAM : Quad core snapdragon 400 (1.2 GHz) with 1 GB RAM, we can play some high end games without any problem. 
4. Battery: if you continuously switch to 2G and if we do simple browsing and playing simple games like candy crush we can get upto 24-26 hours. I have not tested with a 3G connection. 
 
Negatives: 
1. Rare Camera: it is 5MP with 720P video recording. Day time you will get images with fine clarity, but night time the clarity of images is not good (though it is in acceptable level). 
2. No support for expandable memory: It is coming with 8GB/16 GB internal memory and there is no scope for extending it. Better go for 16GB (usage memory will be around 12.5 GB). But after Kitkat update, you can directly connect your phone to any pen drive through a OTG cable without any third party app. Therefore, you can put all your additional data in a pen drive and we can carry with a OTG cable. 
 
Some Glitches after Kitkat update: 
 
1. I dont know why sometimes it is not getting connected to your laptop or desktop with a data cable. Before Kitkat update, there was no problem, after update if you want to connect your phone to a Laptop you need to restart your phone. 
2. If you are using 2 sims, there is some problem in incoming calls, sometimes you cannot receive calls though you have proper signal strength (This I have not observed in my phone as I am using one sim only but I observed it in my friend's phone) 
3. Some systems widgets are not working properly after Kitkat update (like auto rotation option on System widget etc.) 
4. When you restart your mobile, auto sync option for gmail is changing to no sync option by default (This I observed some times) 
 
Hope Motorola may release some patch for the above glitches. 
 
Overall, this phone is very good and better go for 16GB version for no regrets.Moto G 16 GB Usage For Three Weeks.I bought the phone from Flipkart &amp; it was delivered within 24 hrs - excellent service. 
1. The phone is designed well &amp; easy to handle. It came with Kitkat out of the box. 
2. Kitkat works seamlessly with no crashes or hangups so far. 
3. Audio &amp; video outputs are good. 
4. Chrome works well. So does Firefox &amp; MX player (installed later). 
5.There is no bloat ware. A bundled file manager would have been an asset. 
5. Wi Fi, internet &amp; bluetooth work well. 
6. The USB OTG works without a hitch. 
7. Battery life is good &amp; recharge time from 0% to 100% is about 2.75 hrs. 
8. The Sim card goes off line at times from either slot. It has to be extracted &amp; inserted again to get the OS to recognize it. This is the only major issue &amp; requires to rectified on priority- appears to be a software issue. 
9. Battery availability % indicator drops to 0 from 30% suddenly at times although the battery continues to have charge in it. 
10. The list in the box does not mention any service centre in Bangalore! 
 The phone is probably the best in its price point &amp; software &amp; hardware are optimised.In one word &quot;AWASOME&quot;.I won't say it is the best phone in the market. Rather it will be more accurate if I say It is the best value-for-money phone that you can have in this price range. If you fill that ur pocket is weighty enough then obviously go for a Nexus 5 or experia Z. But if you ur wallet is slapping on ur ass every moment then just close ur eyes and go for it. Let's discuss the pros and cons. 
 
Pros: 
1. Great battery life. Lasts for more that 24 hours for mixed usage. 
2. 326 ppi elegant display which is sharp as i-phone 5s. 
3. Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU, Adreno 305 GPU and 1 GB ram makes it a great platform for gaming. Though it is not a hardcore gaming phone still you can easily play high graphics games like NFS, Vector without a lag or hanging. 
4. I have opened 17 apps at the same time including Google map but it didn't show any lag in the performance. 
5. Really powerful speaker. 
6. touch screen is just awesome. Here is a suggestion, Please buy an anti-gloss (Mat finished) screen guard and believe me your fingers won't strive to touch the lips of ur girlfriend (If u don't have one then...well...u r lucky!!) :p 
7. little more weighty than other phones at this range, which is, for me,good if you are an Indian. (Not only our own hand gets inside our pockets while travelling in public transport...I hope u understand) 
 
Con's: 
1. Earphone is Awful. to much treble but not having proper bass. not even a little. 
2. No data cable in the kit. 
3. Running 2-3 high graphics game at the same time makes the system slow. 
4. If you lock the screen while playing any game it will lag a little while unlocking. 
5. Camera quality is not that much good. Zooming decreases the quality even more. Still we shouldn't expect it to work as a D-SLR. 
6. inbuilt media player doesn't even support mp4, mp3. You have to download a media player for this. 
7. Error messages will pop-up every time saying &quot;Unsupported format&quot; while downloading songs or videos from ur PC. Even if you are downloading mp3, mp4. Which is a little bit embarrassing. but if u download a good media player it won't be any problem to run them. 
8. Haven't faced any problem with my phone yet. But I'm really tensed that there is a shortage of service centers. I think lenovo should take care of this because they r the new owner of Moto. 
 
That's all folks. I was interested to buy an android phone for last one year. It was really confusing which one is good enough for me. If they r good they are costly, If they are cheap they are not satisfactory. But after using Moto G for last one month I can assure you it won't disappoint you. 
 
Thanks! have a great day.Trend Setter.I owned my moto g I&rsquo;m 100% happy with the moto g as it gives me 
great battery life 1.5 - 3 days, great screen quality 
very loud and clear ear and rear speakers, very fast, strong wifi and 3g signals super fast processor running clean 
bloatware free pure android and feels good in the hand and all for 
about 14k. There's no micro SD card slot here, but that doesn&rsquo;t matter to me since I am not application downloader. LTE (4G) is still long way to go here in India so that&lsquo;s not an issue for timing. Camera is good and I don&rsquo;t use my phone much to take snaps so no problem once again. Can be used with one hand and my thump reaches all four corners which is also gripe at the back. 
. Motorola + Lenovo + Google = Big Bang! @ !. Hope moto x and g will be a Game changer this time. 
&bull;	5 MP Primary Camera and 1.3 MP Secondary Camera 
&bull;	Android v4.3 (Jelly Bean) OS 
&bull;	1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad Core Processor and 1 GB RAM 
&bull;	Dual SIM (GSM + GSM) 
&bull;	HD Recording 
&bull;	4.5-inch HD Display 
&bull;	Wi-Fi Enabled 
&bull;	16 GB Internal Memory + 50 GB Google Drive + Pen drive can be connected 
 
Finally I got what I want on my mobile !plz read this review carefully.very god phone dont compare with other of same price by configuration moto g has hidden execellent feature which u cant find on another phone .. 
1. support otg cable - u can play game like gta by connecting mouse, keyboard and external hard drive upto 2TB and pendrives, supports ext dongle(if phone is rooted ) 
2..very good graphics, prosessors , ram truly good 
3..camera is okk not execellent at this price ,front camera is more clear than back camera (personal view) on low light ,,flash is superb (at night no need of bulb at home save electricity also ,graet for rural areas where light problem(for bihar reason-NITISH GOVT,) not useful where 100% electicity available( GUJRAT REASON -NAMO MODI) ABKI BAR MODI SARKAR 
4.. gorilaa glass 3 is not superb some scraches is apear by normal use 
5..very big demerit the phone is not rooted( problem for only deep user who do very drasting thing) 
6. look and design is superb phone remains new over a century no scraches 
7..not all feature of anroid 4.4.2 (kitkat) is given like nexsus 5 and goggole now working rate is about 50% 
8.*****BIG DEMERIT U CANT USE INTERNET OVER ONLY 3G MODE the mode is only 3g preferred or 2g preferred some network automatically changes to edge (maximum time) 
9..durabilty of the phone is big concern means problem may occur in hardware in 6 to 5 months (expected) speaker crcking is the major problem in this phone nt all piece selected one 
10.great service by flipkart by terms and policy bt delivery is too late 
11.. dont buy external cover and flip cover waste of money not needed or buy from mother sites available at 400( good quality)a phone for which you will not regeret ever.beast of beast in 20000. 
i am gonna give you full review and details which i hope will be helpful to you 
 
first lets talk about the physical appearance of the phone 
 
the phone has an excellent build quality it looks very premium and genuine in hands though the back cover is of plastic but still it looks great,there are no physical buttons on the phone 
 
now display 
 
display size and quality is best in best , a 4.5 inch hd display is what an every person wants this is the perfect display size 720p display with 338 ppi close to iphone 5 and corning gorilla glass 3 so dont worry about scratches the display is top notch 
 
performance 
 
1.2ghz snapdragon quadcore with 1gb ram and android 4.4. kitkat fully stabilises the performance of the phone and you will not face any lag ever even if you are a heavy gamer the phone hardware and sofware are very stable just like apple and nokia and not like those of samsung thats why 1gb ram will be much sufficient for this phone to do any task. 
 
memory 
 
it comes in two variants 8gb and 16 gb and my recommendation is to go with 16 gb version as it is just 1.5 k expensive than 8gb version 
 
camera 
 
camera is of descent quality will take good pictures as it is a hdr camera and dont expect the camera to be professional one it is a good quality camera like others 
 
battery backup 
 
the biggest key feature of this phone is its battery it is 2070 mah and lasts for 2day for normal users easily and for heavy users lasts for 1 day easily,so dont worry about battery backup 
 
pros 
 
non expandable memory 
non replacable battery 
 
so as just from review you can see this is the top notch quality phone you can get and worth every penny you give for it,its price is just 13999 and its only available on flipkart 
so even in 25000 range if you are looking for your dream phone so go for it blindlyAwesome Phone under 15k.I Have been using this phone from 3 weeks i must say i am very happy with the performance .. 
 
for Heavy Gamers This Review must be useful... 
 
Especially For Gamers... 
I Had Installed Very Heavy Games like 
 
Modern Combat 2 GB 
Call of Duty Strike Team 1.9 GB 
Asphalt 8 1.6 GB 
Max Payne 1.4 GB 
Battle Field 2 307 MB 
 
My Phone Never Hanged or Lagged.. games were running very smoothly... and it was really awesome experience.... the GPU of Adreno is really awesome and its processor is really fast... 
 
And Battery Backup : 
 
7 Hours Continously on Wifii ... 
( Continously means really i charged my phone 100 % at 9 am and was using wifi downloading games,watching videos Continously and my phone was at 15 % at 3:30 pm ... 
 
On 3G : 8 - 10 Hours 
On 2g : 12 - 16 Hours 
 
Bad Things... 
 
Ok here are some bad points... 
The Back Cover is Plastic and Shade of Rubber... if u rub ur hand on back continously u will notice that its been scuffed ... 
 
Front Camera is Not So Good 
memory Cant be expanded :( 
 
In Short This is really worth Every Penny Under 15k u will not find any phone better than itBrilliant phone.Its worth it!! You can blindly buy this phone. You will get a lag free performance with the latest Kitkat update. More over it any day performs better than the Samsung grand 2. So if any of you are thinking of getting a Grand 2, seriously think over again and look over the specs again. Well in the end its you personal choice alone. 
 
The only demerit about this phone is its Camera. The camera isnt very good not bad either. Just good enough for a decent pic. If it had a 8MP camera it would have out beaten more. Another thing you may face, personally speaking I did is that the phone is a bit too heavy compared to other phones of 4.5 inch but compared to a 5 inch phone it weighs the same. 
 
At the end choice is all yours. Hope this helps and please go through a phone the specs of any phone you by and make sure to have a good internal memory preferred atleast 16GB if you would like a smooth flag free functioning of any android phone. External SD card is Point less for a good lag free phone. You can use the external memory only to store pictures and songs. If you thinking you can expand the external memory and have a lag free phone this fact given by many is wrong. This is because many apps use only internal storage and more the internal storage the daily running of the apps will be smooth. 
 
I HOPE THIS HELPS YOU ALL.Moto G User Review for 2 weeks.My first product review on Flipkart . Would like to keep things simple and straight. 
Used the phone for 2 weeks and must say it is awesome. 
 
Pros : 
1) Good Build Quality (Very Good Grip).U can actually feel it is quite sturdy. 
2) Very Smooth (Kitkat is too smooth) , no lags . 
3) Perfect Size for your palm. Not too big not too small. Just Perfect !! 
4) Camera , unlike the reviews , it is good enough. Decent enough for a casual user.Daylight photos and bright outdoor photos are very good. 
5) Battery life is good.Last 2 days.Listening to music 4-5 hours per day. 3G surfing/downloading 2 hours , and the data is enabled all day. Even if ur a hard user it will last 1-1.5 day. 
 
Cons : 
1) Earphones are pretty basic ( the sound is clear , but bass is flat.) Buy a pair of Sony earphones instead , I did. :) 
2) No data cable along with the phone . Unlike most phones where u have a data cable cum charger , the moto g doesn't come with a data cable. If you already have one , it should't bother you. 
3) Phone covers are hardly available in the market and if available are too expensive . You can manage with HTC Covers of the same size. Rs 150-250 /- :) 
 
The cons too aren't the one's that should bother you. For the price , its a very good phone. So go for it. 
 
I got the phone delivered in 11 days.Best Budget Phone.LOOK &amp; FEEL : 
---------------------------- 
1) Phone have enough slim. You will not feel any thickness. It is slimmer than Samsung Galaxy Grand. 
2) Not much weight, nearly to LG Nexus 4. 
3) Fit to you hand. I am able to handle this phone with my single hand. 
4) Pocketable (You can put in your modern jeans and you can ride a bike with out any uncomfortable). 
 
PERFORMANCE : 
------------------------------- 
A QUAD CORE processor giving it is best. It is QUALCOMM processor. So, it will never let you down. 
Well responsive. There is no lags till now. I am using most of apps simultaneously, switching between the apps, games. But this one managing for all the times. Internet accessing also working well with both WIFI as well as Mobile Data. 
 
After a while usage, it is getting little bit hot, but nothing too high, and it is getting down very quickly also. 
 
ANDROID : 
------------------- 
After open the box when i had started the mobile for first time, i had connected to wifi, immediately it asked for update. I had updated. after few minutes, When i had check the version, I am surprised, Because it is KITKAT 4.4.2. WOW!! 
 
DISPLAY &amp; TOUCH : 
------------------------------- 
Screen display is very good. Colorful, good viewing angles. Well brightness. Even i direct sunlight also it will show enough lighting which you can read your messages. 
Touch is well responsive. It is good by this price. But if you compare with high end smartphones like HTC ONE, SGS 4, NEXUS 5 then it may show the little delay between your finger and the layers when you move your fingers rapidly through the layers. 
 
Finally good and decent. enough for every day general usage. 
 
MEMORY : 
------------------- 
It is 16 GB version, but 12 gb will get as a user memory. I had installed a tons of apps, some mp3 files, some photos. But still i have 10gb of free space. I am sure it is enough for me. 
 
1GB of ram, we wil get around 800 for usage. always mostly it is using 64% at max usage. But still there is free memory. all apps are working fine. 
 
GPU also working fine. I had played the TEMPLE RUN 2 for an hour, even though game is working very smooth. there is no lag. 
 
CAMERA : 
------------------- 
It is 5MP camera. So, we cannot expect more. But even though it is good in well light with flash. 
But in low light not as good as SAMSUNG GALAXY S DUOS 2, which i had compared at night time within the street light with flash. 
 
This is good for mobile upload in social network, but if you consider camera as a main aspect, then it will disappoint to you. 
 
BATTERY : 
--------------------- 
This section, where i am highly satisfied with this mobile. 
 
One full charge will last more than a day. Every day i am filling 100% of charge. For one day, i am using 3 hours of wifi, 2 hours of mobile data, 2 hours of net, 2 hours of music, 30 mins download, 3 hours of game, 2 hours of call, 1 hours of screen on, 30 mins camera usage, a full night in standby use, morning 3 ~ 4 times full alarm will rang (due to my lazyness), finally my mobile reach to 18% to next day morning. 
 
What else we required?? 
 
CONS : 
------------ 
Below are the not a really cons, but if it full fill it will be a beast. 
 
1) Screen size is good, but there is lots of extra black edges which feels like a unused space. 
2) There is no data cable in the box. They are providing a standard wall charger for india version. 
3) In box headsets are not worth for a music lover. It feels like a cheep headset. 
4) Right now we are unable to get the lots of accessories in india local market. We need to buy through online which are bit of cost due to the import.Definetly a product you can't ignore....There are so many reviews written over flipkart as well as video reviews on youtube for Moto G, so i'm gonna share my 10 days experience with this product 
 
Pros: 
 
- Build and design: Moto G is well build and design product, But if u are one of those guys who had childhood dream of buying those stylish looking Moto Razor, u might not fully satisfied with design 
 
- Size and Material: The screen size of 4.5 inch with Gorilla glass 3 makes stunning combination(looks alike Nexus 4). The material used for back pannel is rubberized plastic and feels grippy in hand while playing games. 
 
- Battery: 2070 mAh battery can easily sustain for entire day with active usage like watching videos on youtube for 2hrs, Playing games for 2hrs, Whatsapp intermitently, songs before good night sleep :), and OTG usage for about 15-20 mins. 
 
- OTG: The biggest feature of all is the OTG support. Eventhogh this cell doesn't support external SD Card, bt It has a power of OTG tethering. I have tested it with 1 and 8 Gigs Pendrives. Kudos to MOTO. 
 
- Moto g is dual sim phone. 
 
- Performance 
 
	First of all AnTuTu benchmark is 17486 which superior than nexus 4, 3486 AnTuTu 3d Rating. 
	Games: Played following games 
		GTA san Andreas- Was able to play decently with lower settings. For medium and above setting, There was considerable lag. At d same time played this Game on nexus 4, And gameplay was far superior with similar settings. 
 
		Asphalt 8 - This game works fantastically well with highest settings...again kudos. 
 
		Thor The dark world - The game worked well with default setting without lag. 
 
		 
	Surfing: Honestly i'm not biggg net surfer, so didn't face any problem with general surfing on default Chrome browser. 
 
		 
	UI: Its stock android(officially upgraded to Kitkat 4.4.2) experience, So no need to discuss it. 
 
- Camera: Fair Camera...but Moto could have done little better for low light conditions. 
 
- Price: The best part is, u all get this amazing features in 14K. The feature list is similar to its rival phones like Grand2, Nexus 4, etc(These Phones r quiet expensive as well). 
 
 
Cons: 
 
There are very few cons that i can notice at d moment bt they exists(again my own opinion) 
 
The earpiece quality during call is definitely not upto d mark. 
 
Smudges on back cover bt this is not a big issue as u can clean it up. 
 
side button: Although the material for buttons looks sturdy, d power key feels little wobbly. So i'hav a concern about its durablity. 
 
Before buying this phone, I made my mind that its a reliable product coz Google will take care of software upgrades, bt its now lenovo product....So I am little susceptible. 
 
In all this is d product, If ur considering a budget premium phone.Exceptional Phone at Exceptional Prize.You Cant get a phone better then this in this budget. 
Best to gift for your wife, fiancee, Girlfriend. 
Pros 
1. Screen :720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 inches (~326 ppi pixel density), HD 
2. Corning Gorilla Glass 3. 
3. Spill proof : it has Nano coating to its internals , it can stand splashes of water. 
4.OTG: you can connect USB Hard Drive(low power), USB flash Drive Other USB devices, you can keep movies and music in a pendrive with otg cable,an alternate to non expandable storage. 
5.Not cheap in Design and build: rugged design, very comfortable to hold. 
6.Can run High Graphic games like asphalt 8 etc.it has Adreno 305 GPU. 
7.Radio : it has FM radio which is absent in most of highend phones. 
8.Dual Sim in indian edition: most of us have 2 sim so keep both active, may be one for 3g data one for call. 
9. changeable snap back cover, comes in funky colors. 
10.Stock Android upgradable to KITKAT with some customization by motorola like camera, you can use all google service like Google Now, Voice Search , Maps and navigation. 
 
cons: 
1.Not so good camera( but its a budget phone after all). 
2.i can think of considering its prize...its not a iphone or s4 but it does all work which is of your concern. 
 
Happy To help you with this review, iam sure you will find it helpful.Awesome Moto G onething added with my Life.i ordered this on 22nd feb 2k14 and i received this on 26th feb same year.. Flipkart delivered me this product ASAP Thanks for flipkart and for your service.. 
Now iam coming to MOTO G.Its really awesome without a single lag. Dont compare with other mobiles because at this price no one can give this features even a micromax. Motorola is one of the top mobile producing company, and its reputation is still there, and they released a satisfied mobile for us for reasonable price.. No one can deny it. 
People who are in confuse can definetly go for this mobile. This mobile got Kitkat update in India. Both 4.3 Jellybean and 4.4 Kitkat is awesome. But try a clean install of Kitkat otherwise you may face some issues. Note: That is not a mobile problem.. Even iam a game addict the battery is still awesome, im using 3G and Wifi its Long lasts a whole day. 
People who are worrying about service. Here comes There are many service centers opened in India. Flipkart will locate a nearest service center and their details while delivering the product.. 
No Doubt Go for Moto G.. Now my friends are jealous of my motog and they are trying to sell their mob and trying to buy this.. :PBest smartphone ever under 15k tag..After five day heavy use, i can say this smartphone is not just 9 out of 10 on paper, its true on run time too. 
 
Pros: Hardware is fair enough considering full day optimized battery consumption and working smooth without any lags.Camera is just so so. No need to tell more. You are all techy geek. 
 
Cons: 
1. 3g network switched to Edge most of the time. But you can fix this through setting up WCDMA only (*#*#4636#*#*) 
 
2. Groove button adjustment could be more better as while operating the phone, most of the time volume tuned. Power/wake up key could be places on top. 
 
3.Screen size can be extended be reducing the bottom border as there are no capacitive touch. 
 
4. There is no need to providing inseparable Wall adapter and poor headphone.. Data cable with wall socket would be great enhancement. You need to purchase this. 
Poor headphone put the heavy hardware assembled product down. 
 
Apart from above, i can't found any other cons. 
Note: These above cons are just separate from performance and doesn't put the Moto g down. 
 
I'm really a happy customer.Moto G Rocks.. Flipkart Fab..!.I have ordered second time from flipkart and I am really happy with flipkart service and WS Retail seller. No comments. Their service is fab.. Trust me&hellip; 
 
Now about Moto G. Its bang for buck.. 
 
0) Build quality: Awesome. with amazer case it looks rock solid. 
1) Awesome display of 4.5 inches. Perfect for one handed use like we do on iPhone. I didn't wanted big display phone of 5 inches so Moto g is perfect option for me. 
2) 1 GB ram: Its more than sufficient for almost everything. I am not a gamer but this device satisfies and run every game which i have downloaded. 
Subway surfer, Candy crush, Freeze, Cut the rope, TeenPatti, Flow free, CSR Racing, Glow Hockey, Blendoku these are some games which i installed and loved. These games runs without any lag whatsoever. 
3) Quad core snapdragon processor.. No comments.. It is more than sufficient 
4) 5 mp camera: Better than most of the 12 mp micromax, karbonn camers. HDR is good on moto g. And i specially loved the slow mo HD recording. Thats awesome. 
5) 16 gb memory: I had n8 previously and I was not able to fill 16 gb completely. So I guess 16 gb moto g without card slot is more than sufficient. Also 50 gb google drive for 2 years is more than what you ask for&hellip; Just open google drive application-&gt; go to tours and enjoy 50 gb free space. 
6) Speakers: Speakers are loud and clear. 
7) Voice quality: Awesome, I don't find any issues here. 
8) Dual sim: Dual sim works like charm. 
9) Battery: I am moderate to heavy user and this phone battery backup is sufficient for day to day usage. 
10) Android kitkat: 4.4.2 :) 
11) Headset quality: I wasn't hoping that i will get headset with that but I am happy I got one. Its not best quality but does the job what it needs to do. 
12) I ordered amazer case for moto g and now it looks like my brand new nexus 4.. Really I couldn't feel the difference. 
 
13) I ordered moto go for 13999. Got 1000 off on cloths and 500 on ebooks so actually i got it for 12500.. :) ws_retail has delivered ordered cloths also&hellip; 
 
I am reediting this&hellip; Now i have got free Plantronics ML2 Bluetooth Headset from ws_retail as a complementary gift. Hats off to Flipkart and ws_retail. Thank you so much. I really appreciate. Plantronics ML2 Bluetooth Headset works like a charm with my brand new moto g. 
 
I can write an essay here but I need to stop somewhere here now.. 
Thanks moto for bringing this dual sim device in India. I am seeing bright future for Lenovo and moto here..Hello Moto :).Well after nearly 1 month of fastidious research, i settled upon Moto-G...I ordered it on FK on 10th march and got it delivered on 12th.....so thanx FK.... 
Now coming to the phone,before placing the final order, i kind of went through tons of reviews, in depth ones, gaming ones etc.....the two things that come as kind of negation are its 5 MP oh-not-so-gr8 cam and lack of memory slot...well after 2 days of use, i got 2 say that cam is not that bad....and mobile photography is not my forte ; so i m ok wid that... 
lack of memory slot would be compensated by its OTG support.... 
The display is more than awesome.....so is the p4mance....i have run Riptide 2 on it at highest resolution, not even at a single point it lagged....since it is a stock android, u wud have to get down all the apps...one thing by which they could have upped the entire deal is to do away with that set of wired headphone...the only blot perhaps....but then u can have nice IEMS within 700-800 bucks. 
so, this is a master stroke from none other than Motorola.....US engineering has its class, and when a brand as big as this launches something as genuine as moto-G, u gotta trust them..... 
# Punit Soni the man behind this master class challenges directly the so called big Bros in todays smartphone field at the time of its launch at MWC in Brazil..have a look at the video...One of the best.About the Phone: 
well everyone knows about the specs of the phone..so i won't talk about it much... 
all i want is to discuss about the kitkat update. 
The phone comes with Android 4.3 JB, which is currently a more stable version of android as compared to Kitkat. 
Kitkat has a lot of bugs and one the most annoying bugs is the battery calibration/draining bug. 
2070mAh battery isn't supposed to die within 6-7 hrs with little or moderate usage..I guess there isn't a real solution for this problem yet..Many other phones with kitkat are also a victim of the same problem. 
Sometimes the phone randomly shuts down. There's also a problem while making calls. 
 
The most important point: U can't downgrade from kitkat to jelly bean without rooting/reinstalling JB rom in ur phone...which unfortunately cancels ur warranty... 
 
About Flipkart service: 
I talked to the flipkart executive regarding this problem.. 
Although the representatives very helpful in every regard, still i'm waiting for a solution/replacement...Hope they sort out the problem within a few days..Trust me!! Its the best phone ever in this price..Guy before giving the review I want to inform that i ordered Moto G on 26th Feb and i got on 27th feb. GOD !!! Flipkart u r insane!!!!! :) so who ever thinking that this mobile is out of stock and once stock comes back then only u buy ... then u r wrong!!! 
 
For Moto g review - only one word AWESOME!!! 
 
its a smart choice !!! I am a tech geek but then also i choosed Moto g because of hardware and chipset in this price range. Who ever telling camera in not up to the mark .. trust me it far far far better than any other mobile 5 MP camera. 
 
One doubt which everyone might have ..... How will be the service facility for this mobile or who will give the service Motorola or Lenevo??? right 
so i did many research before buying this mob. Motorola gonna give the service and there service center will be operative for long time. 
 
If u are smart and looking for a jackpot mobile with high class feature GO FOR IT !!!!!!! 
 
one more thing remove the thought that if price is low for moto g ... it will not be a good mobile!!Moto G: ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW!.Ordered the 16GB version on 10th of March &amp; Got it delivered on 13th March, on my birthday. After using the device for two months, I'm writing this review to give a complete picture of all the Pros &amp; Cons 
 
  Pros: 
Coming from a price range of 14k the phone performs amazingly well &amp; blows all other phones in its category. I have used my friends' &amp; colleagues' Xperia M, Xperia L, Galaxy Core, Galaxy Quattro, Galaxy Grand (the common android competitors in this range) &amp; the phone bets all of them hands down. The only other Quad core phone is the Quattro, but that has a A5 chipset while the Moto G has an A7 which delivers faster performance. Not to mention recording at 720p while Quattro records at 480p. The MotoG can play 1080p videos easily without the need for a separate player. It handled memory hungry games with ease. Games like Minion Rush (which in my test did not run in any of the other devices) ran smmothly in MotoG. Dead Trigger 2 &amp; Modern Combat 4 runs really well. The A7 quad core CPU with 1GB RAM handled anything I threw at it &amp; never hanged till today. 
 
The 720p IPS display exhumes vividness &amp; is totally visible in bright sunlight without the need to place your hand over the screen. 
 
Many people believe that the lack of memory card is a dissapointment. That may be true, but companys like Sony &amp; Samsung sell their handset with 4GB internal(out of which 2GB is usable) with expandable storage. But people forget that apps in them can only be installed on the phone memory. Thus even with a 32GB card you are left with 2Gb to install apps. 
 
The phone has the best battery in this range. A complete charge lasts me 2days with usual calls, whatsapp, navigation &amp; browsing. 
 
  Cons: 
The camera may dissapoint some people. Although the camera isn't as bad as many say it is. Low light shots without flash turned out really good. The phone hardly uses the flash. Anything shot with the subject(s) quite close will give a good shot, but large landscape shots even in daylight seems to be blurry &amp; has loss of detail. Although I won't spend 10k for just a better camera, when a Digital camera of 5k will outperform a 21MP mobile phone camera anyday. 
 
The phone heats up during heavy usage like navigation or high gaming. 
 
Please don't compare it to high end phones around 25k. But such comparisons itself proves that this phone is above other phones in its range.Moto G: Dial G for Genius.Received the phone yesterday at noon. Here is a gist of my experience so far:- 
 
- Great battery life. Charged phone at 2 p.m yesterday. Still has 30% left now, with moderate usage 
 
- It's pleasantly heavy. Provides good grip. Build quality is great, except that the volume rocker and power buttons are slightly wobbly. 
 
- Display is a class apart. Its vibrant and i couldn't see any pixels. The 329 ppi screen resolution is no joke, its brilliant. 
 
- Fast as hell. No visible lag in any game or even in multitasking. Web browsing is a breeze. 
 
- Really loud speakers. Although the sound crackles a bit at maximum volume 
 
- Call quality is okay-ish. A bit hollowness in the sound. 
 
- Camera quality is great. Don't confuse it with the pixel count of the camera. The phone takes great pictures 
 
Overall view. 
It's a slick phone with great styling. Its pleasant to use. Performance-wise, its brilliant and no phone in this range comes even close! FlipKart might take some time to deliver it, but believe me, the wait is worth it. 
Motorola is back with a bang!Moto G (16GB) - Grandest phone with no competition!.I had read a lot about Moto G from some of my friends and on the internet. I never owned a smart phone and was wishing to buy one pretty soon. Moto G seemed like a nice choice considering its excellent specs at a really good price. Flipkart was quick in delivering my order on time. Absolutely no hassles there. 
 
Since my purchase, Moto G has consistently satisfied me in all departments! Be it apps, games, casual-camera captures, battery life... everything! This phone really shines and absolutely blows away any smartphone with competitive price tag. Even though I know this cellphone is not an absolute beast at 3D games (as it is not marketed as a high-end phone), I just benchmarked Ice Storm on 3D Mark. And, believe it or not this phone scored an astounding 5640!!! Which is not bad at all... considering my iPad 3 gets somewhere around 3500 and my friend's Nexus 7 (2013) scores around 7500! 
 
The only flaw that I came across is the camera. The lens is not spectacular... which makes sense as overall phone offers excellent value for money. Of course, no one can expect camera quality of Nexus 5 on a phone at this price range. It is just not possible. Still, camera captures are pretty good in lit environments and video captures are smooth too. Only during low-light settings you can observe grains and out-of-focus shots (even turning on focus). That's it! 
 
Overall, this is a MUST buy for any android lover. Considering this being my first smartphone... I am completely in love with it :)Really Awesome Phone.I bought this phone a month back from US. 
 
No words to say about this phone's performance. It really super dooper in this range phone. 
Considering the Indian markets and technology i preferred to go with this. I had a thought of buying Nexus However when i heard about MOTO G i really liked in the price standpoint. I am using this phone for last one month i didn't face any issues and always i can see the RAM usage below 700 MB every though i playing high graphics games. 
 
I am not sure how Nexus works for Gaming stuffs. But this is really very nice in the gaming style and other Apps. I would like mention about battery here. 2070mAh Battery really works better than other phones.. i can able to use it for whole day. i had Sony Xperia but many times it was hung switched off automatically. 
 
From OS standpoint i can say this is performing really fast compare to Jelly bean. I had a chance to work with JellyBean4.3 for 3 days. then i was upgraded to KitKat . From the day i am feeling that i have everything in my hand. 
 
Memory stand point i can say every one can go 16gig version model. because if you had a thought of getting 8gig variant you will get 4.5 gig for user access. 16gig variant give 12.5 gig . 
 
Over all its very smooth platform to play and use. I really liked the performance , body , battery and OS. I was one year searcher for Smart phone. Finally being proud to have this one. Thanks, 
 
JayaprakashLook no further.Whatever smartphone we buy we ultimately end up liking, loving and 'can't live without it' given the phone is decently specced and built. 
In a smartphone we essentially interact with the following - 
1. The underlying operating system (Android 4.4.2 here) 
2. Apps of your choice 
Android phones overwhelmingly revolve around Apps. Everything else is standard now - the same Android interface, hardware, features. 
In effect when you switch your phone you hardly notice the difference. All your contacts, apps and settings are right back. You simply carry on from where you left off. 
However, that is not to say all phones are same. 
How does Moto G fare? It's brilliant and here's why - 
A. 14000 is a very very good price. Again, very good. You just can't go wrong. 
B. Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Enjoy using the highly scratch resistant screen without a screen guard. You'll love the smooth glass feel. 
C. 326ppi resolution. This is equal to the Retina Display of the 50000 rupees Apple iPhone 5s. Crisp display. Anyone who says you require a higher resolution is very wrong. 
D. 4.5 inch form factor. The biggest size which is still comfortable with one handed use. Just right. 
E. Near-audiophile quality sound. Plug in a good earphone and you can leave your ipod home. 
F. Adreno 305 graphics. You can play the latest graphic intensive games. 
G. Pure Android - super fast and clean interface. 
H. Excellent Navigation - GPS and GLONASS. Basically more satellites to help pinpoint your location. You'll get an accurate location lock in seconds. Let me reiterate, very very accurate. 
I. Long battery life. Google Motorola has done some wizardry to extract the maximum from the inbuilt battery. Lasts all day long and more. 
J. Great Touch response. 
K. Excellent front camera for Skype 
L. Latest and best Android 4.4.2 out of the box. Fluid, refined and attention to detail easily visible. Everything well thought out. 
M. Great build quality. Feels sturdy. Nice rubberized grippy back cover. 
N. Dual Sim 
O. Great sounding FM 
 
Known issues - 
1. Occasional network drop. A software update will shortly fix this. 2. SIM may not be recognized at times. Again a software issue which will be corrected through an update. 
3. The Camera is great at times and dull sometimes. I can live with this. Quality good enough for social media upload. Tip - Learn to touch up photos with applications like Photoshop and GIMP before uploading. 
 
Final words - Look no furtherAmaaazzzzinggg moto.... Amaaaazzzing flipkart....First of all hats off to flipkart for speed delivery, i got the phone within 48 hours from my order. 
I expect 16gb would be around 16k, but the phone satisfies more than my expectation in all aspects not only price. Amazzing phone under 15k. 1.2ghz processor coupled with 1gb ram made the phone run without any lag.. Regarding screen resolution and color density gives feast to our eyes. Decent images from 5MP camera and front 1.3MP camera too nice for video calling. considering memory, 12.92gb available, it enough for me to store songs and photos.Additionly moto gives 50gb free storage in google drive exclusive from googles 15gb. Phone bill comes with nearest service centers address, so dont worry about motorola service center. 
cons: 
Headset is not upto the mark. 
charger is not like usb type, so if you want to transfer data from your system means you have to go for seperate data cable. 
 These two cons are nothing infront of all above pros. 
 
Its a great value for money. Motorola have a great chance to grow up in indian market. 
 
Thank you so much to flipkart guys and best wishes for your upcoming servicess... :):):)An awesome phone for its price!.In this age of overpriced phones and gadgets, it's great to see a phone that's not shabbily built and loaded with bloatware, at this price point. The build is sturdy and the phone is very responsive and smooth, even when I open multiple apps simultaneously. Goes to show why a lot of people prefer stock Android over TouchWiz, Sense &amp; Co. The screen is simply superb. In fact, I had trouble convincing some people that this is a sub 15K phone. 
 
Most importantly, the battery life is just awesome. It lasts me a day and a half on a single charge with moderate usage. I know that there are phones like Note 3 which offer superior battery life, but I'm not a big fan of humongous phones. 
 
The camera isn't something to write home about. It feels like something that was added just because every smartphone should have a camera. However I can't complain much as I can easily buy myself a decent point and shoot camera with the amount I saved and that would take better pictures than any smartphone any day. That said, the camera is good enough for a quick snap meant to be uploaded to Facebook/Instagram - as long as it's not a low light scene - and let us face it, that is what most of us use our smartphone cameras for anyway. 
 
The camera is not the reason why I'm not giving a 5 star rating. That lies with the lack of a 32 GB or higher memory variant as well as the lack of expandable memory. I can understand that mainstream customers wouldn't like shell out extra money for higher storage variant, but seriously, how difficult could it have been to add MicroSD support? For someone who likes to keep a lot of apps, videos and music on their phone, 16 GB (out of which approx. 12 GB is available) is simply not good enough. 
 
On a side note, there is no USB cable in the box. You'll need to buy your own.great deal for a great product.Possibly the best mobile phone deal available today. 
 
Product: 
- brilliant display and a size that is the perfect balance between screen area and pocketability. The high resolution means everything is sharp and crisp 
- Intuituitive camera interface which is very easy to use. Unfortunately can't change image resolution 
- stock android UI which would be very familiar to nexus users. I. However is devoid of any Facebook integration so you will need to set it up. Standard Google music app is really boring and needs to be replaced as well 
- 50 GB additional Google storage for two years is an awesome plus 
- unexceptional design which is why you will need a case to spruce up the dull looks. Ironically the gorilla glass and rubberised back mean this is a phone which could easily survive without a case 
 
Flipkart 
- the only place to buy this currently 
- delivered in 4 days but that was due to a long weekend. As usual flipkart didn't disappoint. 
- although didn't use, the exchange scheme is a great option for those with obsolete handsets like BlackBerryThe Most Awesome Phone in its class...!!!.Well, everyone knows what Moto G is.... no need to explain further how awesome it i... :) 
And the most awesome thing is that it's now coming with Android KITKAT 4.4.2 out of the box!!! 
well let me tell you the pros and cons based on my usage... 
 
PROS- 
1. Android KitKat out of the box (those who will be getting it now) 
2. the 4.5&quot; screen is the best in it's class i feel... far better than SAMSHITS GALAXY.... 
3. Battery-- I'm a heavy user, i.e. I don't let my phone go out of my hands. And let me tell you, the battery lasts the whole day! yes! 24 hrs. with WiFi on throughout the day, 1 hr. of calling, internet browsing for more than 3 hrs., both the SIMs active and still the battery lasted one whole day. 
4. Processor and RAM-- the 1.2 GHz quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 is the best in its class, far better than the MediaTek chipsets, and the RAM is good enough for 1GB - no lag or anything... 
5. the sound quality is awesome-- both the speakers and the earpiece. 
6. OTG works perfect for this update, so if there's no SD card slot, so what??we have OTG functionality, we can mount a pen drive :D (which is not supported in Nexus 4 kitkat update, so they are limited to the int. storage) 
7. Dual SIM for Indian version-- which i feel is the best job done coz everyone now a days is not happy with a single SIM 
8. The NanoCoating which is going to protect the phone even if the phone accidentally falls in water and then immediately if it's removed from it, it's not going to be damaged! 
 
CONS- 
1. If the dual SIM would have been dual active, instead of dual standby it would have been better! 
2. CAMERA I feel is nice, but not up to the mark of a 5MP cam. as compared to Sony (I know Sony is the best in cam. dept.) but still it's good enough for a BUDGET PHONE of 14K INR. and I'm Happy with it. 
 
No other Cons. If you find one, postit (But you are not going to find it :P) 
 
Last of all I'd like to thanks Flipkart for making the phone available to me so soon, coz, I got the Shipped message on my cell on late evening and the product got delivered to me the next morning around 11AM I think.. Its the best service when it comes to Flipkart. Thanks!The Moto G is the best phone under 20K.I have been using it for about 22 days and am very impressed with its performance. And the battery life is incredible, and I have GPS/3G/WiFi always enabled. Moto G is definitely one of the few phones which offer the value for money experience. 
 
Pros: 
 
1) Bang for buck. 
2) Sturdy build. 
3) Great Battery Life. Make sure you install Snapdragon Battery Guru to maximise your battery life. 
4) Comes with Charger + headphones. 
5) Android 4.4.2 update available. 
6) Superb display, the colours and the resolution are amazing. 
7) Camera is decent, however you may want to use a 3rd party app like Focal or Cameringo or MXCamera for better photos. 
8) Official updates for some Motorola apps via Google Play. 
9) The speaker is also good and loud. 
10) Smooth performance, no lags whatsoever. You can make it perform even better with Greenify. 
11) You can also redeem 50 gb Free storage space on Google Drive, but it is only valid for 2 years 
 
Official Flip Cover. Well you have to buy it separately, but it is worth theprice and offers solid protection for the phone. 
 
Cons: 
1) Needs Micro SIM. 
2) A bit bulky. 
3) No NFC. 
4) No SD Card slot (But you can use OTG cables/flash drives). 
5) White LED for notifications (NO RGB) 
6) Lack of an LCD Display means you won't get Active Notifications like on the Moto X. 
 
I was one of the lucky guys who ordered it the moment it went live on February 6th. I had skipped the Flip Cover, as I did not want to waste time placing my order. But the next day , I received an email from Flipkart, who graciously offered me the Official Moto Flip Cover on a discounted price of 700Rs. 
 
Later they also offered me a discount on ebooks and clothing. Top Notch service.The best budget handset around.On paper the Moto G looks like an excellent handset for the price, and in practice it lives up to the billing. As the Nexus 4 did with the mid-range market, the Moto G has turned the budget end on its head with features found on handsets double its cost. 
 
I liked 
The whole package. Look at what the Moto G offers, look at its price, and then look at the other handsets which cost the same amount. It exceeds its rivals in several key areas, from the well defined 4.5-inch display to its 1.2GHz quad-core processor and Android 4.4 KitKat operating system. There's a lot to love about the Moto G for its price. You could easily be fooled into thinking that the Moto G costs the same as the Galaxy S4 Mini and the HTC One Mini - even web browsing is impressive on the handset. 
 
I disliked 
It's simple. Motorola must have cut some corners to get the price of the Moto G so low, and the camera is one area which has seen the compromise. The 5MP lens is simply not up to the job and my photos either came out blurry, grainy or both, while the camera app itself will be far too basic for some. 
 
The lack of expandable memory will be a real bug bear for some, especially if you end up with the 8GB model. (not for me though) 
 
Verdict 
A stunning phone for very little money - poorer camera aside, it's the perfect phone. The Moto G is a top notch, low cost smartphone and I wholeheartedly recommend this as the best budget mobile currently on the market. I was genuinely impressed with the feature set on the Moto G, so if you're looking for a low cost phone you can stop searching - just go out and grab a Moto G right now. You won't get a better budget blower than the Moto G. 
 
About Flipkart Service 
I received the phone(16 GB) after 11 days, so it is within the promised period of 10-20 days. Anyhow, I believe, Flipkart would have learnt their lesson from the Moto G debacle. As mentioned by some of the readers, flipkart could have given more updates regarding the Order status.Awesome phone.I ordered my 16gb model on 6th Feb and received it on 8th. Flipkart has maintained its high standard in keeping its word as regards delivery and packing. 
I have been using Moto G for the past 9 days. Its an excellent piece. Specs are impressive. Very very smooth, awesome display(326 ppi), Corning Gorilla Glass 3 with antiscratch coating, battery that lasts for more than 24 hours even with constant net usage, handles multiple functions without any lag, already received Kitkat update. I am loving the pure android experience. The moto flipcover complements it very well. The icing on the cake is the cost. To get this phone at Rs.14000/- is an absolute steal. I don't think there is any other phone in the market now that would give you this kind of specs alongwith looks at this price. Galaxy Grand 2 with 0.5 gb ram more and larger screen(5.25) but with lesser ppi (280), is costing almost Rs.10000/- more. Can't understand why people would want to buy any other phone. I have been a fan of HTC/Sony etc. Its time to say bye bye to all the big branded fellows. They are simply overcharging their products. 
 
28.2.2014- Update on battery- After upgrading to Kitkat I find that my battery is lasting for 48 hours - amazing!!!!! ( I am an average user {games, internet on a limited manner, music quite a lot} - my usage was same when it was running 4.3 version}. Awesome MotorollaExceptional Phone. Exceptional Price. Exceptional Deal..Very happy to be one of the earliest, lucky ones to grab the Moto G 16GB on 6th Feb 2014, as early as 12:10 am, after months of waiting for the launch of this exceptional 'value-for-money' phone. Waiting eagerly for the delivery, to get a feel of this global-trend-breaker device. 
 
I must admit, I was much disappointed when I couldn't find the &quot;View Combos&quot; link on the product page as mentioned in the launch day offer details. Again got disappointed when I tried adding a Moto G case to cart and found no discount is getting applied, hence removed the case from cart and went ahead to check out. In a few minutes, felt relieved that at-least I could order successfully before the stocks went out, though I missed an exceptional deal. Tried calling the customer care to check whether they can add a case to the order with discount, only to be more disappointed. 
 
Then the unexpected happened by almost noon! All that disappointment vanished and the joy and excitement came twice as much back, when I found a mail from Flipkart popping in my inbox telling that I can Flipkart a Moto G case with 70% discount with-in a specific period. Wow! There was some technical glitches during the launch hour, but they wanted to make up for it. Cool! I call this approach 'customer focused'. And hence a special thank you to Flipkart, you rock! 
 
Update: 7 Feb 2014 
Received the shipment today morning, amazing delivery by Flipkart! I'm now glued to my Moto G, which is indeed an amazing handset, so more updates/reviews later.... 
 
Update: 15 Feb 2014 
Yippeee! Received Android 4.4.2 KitKat update!Awesome Phone! But has issues with USB Tethering &amp; Portable Wi-fi Hotspot.There is no problem in using the internet in the handset. But whenever I connect to the internet via tethering(USB or Wi-fi) in my PC, internet connectivity keeps dropping intermittently. The problem is not with the network connection but the internet connection(a yellow triangle on the network icon the bottom right on the Windows 7 taskbar). After a few moments, it connects again automatically and the cycle keeps repeating. 
 
I've contacted Motorola customer care which did not help. I've also tried other available solutions online which don't work. 
 
After researching online quite a lot about this, I came to know that this problem is Android Kitkat specific(my handset came pre-loaded with Android Kitkat 4.4.2). I also came to know that there is a way to downgrade to Android Jelly Bean 4.3 without rooting the device or unlocking the bootloader. But I don't want to do that as I'm hoping that the next update(4.4.3) should fix this issue. 
 
If you want to buy this I would suggest to go for a Jelly Bean version. 
 
Other than this I have no complaints or regrets. 
 
The phone is simply awesome. The build quality is superb. I installed &quot;Asphalt 8&quot; via Google Play(this racing game has some amazing graphics). Its surprising to see games demanding high graphics are running with such ease on this phone! 
 
To learn more about this phone in detail you can check the in-depth and gaming reviews on YouTube by user Geekyranjit. 
 
I rated 4/5 only because of the issue I mentioned. Otherwise I would have awarded 5/5.3.5 for the mobile.Appearance: 
 
Good looking, handy. The curved edges makes the mobile look classy. The M symbol at the back cover adds beauty to the mobile. 
 
Performance: 
The performance of the mobile is good. Many options are wrapped into some options. So need to dig a lot into the mobile. 
The camera does awesome captures in bright light but its the opposite in dull light(even with flash). 
I upgraded to KITKAT Android 4.4 and faced few issues. Few icons got changed in appearance which is not a big issue. 
The camera faced problem. While opening the camera it stated camera unsupported. I got frustrated and rebooted my mobile to check for the camera which solved the issue. 
There is a bug with the WIFI. I tried to connect the mobile with my firm WIFI which did not allow me to enter the password. I need to connect to the WIFI and when it tried to connect i have to click/hold so i get the option to modify the settings for the WIFI. 
There is some noise while playing the music player which can be changed using the audio settings. 
The worst part is the headset provided with the mobile. It has sharp cut which hurts the ears. and no data cable provided with the mobile. Few apps get crashed for some reason and closes itself reporting the error. 
 
Overall: 
If your budget is less than 15K then its worth to buy MOTO G. It has bugs which can be rectified with some changes in the settings (but not all).Unbelievable Quality in Unbelievable Price.This is an awesome phone from Motorola (A Google Company). 
 
Superseding Points to notice: 
 
1) The Display resolution is great, it is of HD Quality. The images are crispy and sharp. The colors in the images are very soothing to eyes. The Gorilla Glass 3 technology is being implemented in this handset. The Glass fitted in a Razor Frame style. The fluidic touch was very very nice. 
2) The feel of Quadcore processor can be observed very clearly. The touch feeling is beyond my dictionary to express. 
3) 1GB RAM is enough to handle the applications very well. 
4) Using OTG cable for Pen Drive or Hybrid Pendrive (which we can attach directly to the handset) was used and was performing very quick. 
5) Battery backup is good as the battery is only 2070 MAH, which is enough to handle the WiFi, 3G network or calling. 
6) The shape of the phone is unique, a little curve in the bottom line gives its a firm grip. 
7) The HD Movie quality and sound is havoc. 
 
The only thing that remains is that :- 
1) No Data Cable being provided 
2) The official Flip Cover must be given free. 
 
Conclusion: Close your eyes and go for this handset. In this price range, you cannot get this Handset from Motorola giving you the feel of NEXUS. Every other product similar to this product in the market are almost double the price, still lacking several features.Moto G - Pure Awesomeness.Hello Moto Google! 
 
I have been using the Nokia 5230 for the past 4 years.I dint want to buy an expensive phone and wanted to use my Nokia till it dies. But... Motorola and Flipkart made me an offer that i couldn't refuse. The Moto G. A feature packed Android Phone for an exceptional Price. And Moto G became my first Android device. 
 
I am one among those few lucky guys who could place their order for the 16GB variant on the launch day. I booked this phone on 06-02-2014 at around 12.30 pm. Booked the phone and the flip cover together and was surprised to see the price of the Flip cover getting reduced to 480 from 1599. Went ahead and checked out and made the payment successfully and got the order confirmation message. but after 2 hours when i checked the order status page the status shown was &quot; Payment not received&quot;. contacted Filpkart customer service immediately. The executive assured me that the problem will be resolved in a few hours. Later i received a message saying &quot;Due to reasons beyond our control, we had to revise the delivery timeline to 20-02-2014 from the earlier 13-02-2014&quot;. Was disappointed. But.. to my surprise the phone was shipped the very next day and got delivered to my friends address in Cochin! Unexpected! Thank you Flipkart for the excellent service. And I got the phone from my friend on 12-02-2013. 
 
Now coming to the phone.. 
I am not getting into the technical details of the phone as its available in detail in numerous sites across the web. 
The phone came to me well packed in a decent strong cardboard box from Flipkart. The Phone box was wrapped with bubble wrap and placed inside 3-4 bubble bags. So u don't have to worry about the packaging. 
 
On unboxing, found the beautiful Moto G with extra shiny glass front panel. The phones fit and finish is awesome. U could feel the awesome build quality instantly on holding the device. Switched on the device and was happy to see the &quot;a Google company&quot; below the Motorola Logo during start-up. The start-up animation is pretty cool. after going through the initial setups, came the stunning home screen. the Display looks awesome thanks to the 4.5 screen 329 ppi pixel density. 
The Phone is super fast. didn't feel any lag at all during the initial use. 
Haven't gone through the entire phone menus or applications as of now as i haven't inserted a SIM. waiting to get a micro SIM and activate data connection. 
So not getting into the details. 
 
The only con for the sake of saying one, is the Headset. Looks very cheap and the quality is also below average. Looks like a headset made in the year 2000-2005s. 
 
In short- Moto G - Pure AWESOMENESS. And the charge for being awesome and attractive is very less. just 13999 for such an awesome device shouldn't make u think twice. Just Go for it.Be Smart.Stop comparing,just buy this!(beats the Nexus 5 minus the camera).Bought the 16 GB version on day one after a month of reviewing &amp; comparing mid-range phones in the 10-30K price range.Been using this for almost a month now. 
 
Let me keep it simple and help you take a call. 
1.Motorola knows batteries(all-day-long) 
2. Kitkat upgrade available in India (improves battery life and memory usage) 
3.The camera has been termed as a pitfall,but in all honesty it is more than decent!Buy a DSLR using the money saved:) 
4.Back panels.Buy bold. Head turners.No other phone to my knowledge offers this. 
5. Dont compare numbers in the Specs and get carried away.They reveal half the story.I know the Nexus 5 has a better processor and camera.But you get 2 Moto G s at the cost of one!Who owns a phone for more than 2 years these days?And the Moto G gives the Nexus 5 a run for its money in terms of perfomance! 
 
The only flip-side is that micro SIM card often isn't read and you might need to reinsert the micro-SIM.I hope it is temporary,maybe its a Dual-SIM version specific problem.Minor Glitch. 
 
Be Smart.Buy Smart.Just an incredible phone. Just go for it...!!!.I received this product within 2 days though i placed a standard delivery. People who are complaining about the out of stock and all, hard luck guys. 
 
I have charged the mobile to 100% and i have used my wifi for 2hrs to download apps (16 apps of size 20mb on average) and other connectivity purpose. I'm using mobile net for around 16hrs while travelling. and still after 22h 52m, it's only 50% down. Incredible screen and there was no lag at all. Touch sensitivity is one of the plus points. This phone have very good screen brightness and in bright sun i could do everything on phone without any difficulty. I thought 5mp camera in rear wont be so good but amazingly it was really good. even the front camera is really handy for video calls and selfies. I was really waiting to take a phone in the range of 15k to 22k. When grand 2 was launched i went to buy it but i was very much pissed off with the same design of all the products in samsung and the unattractive UI. Moto G is worth of every penny you put into to buy it. 
Only drawback i felt was that at lower volume levels the sound output was really very low. But incredible thing in sound section is that when i used the in box ear phones, i could hear every bit of the music very clearly. Also the phone speaker output is very clean and good. 
 
I'm very much happy with this product. I wish everyone who own this phone will feel the same. 
 
Thank you, Motorola and Flipkart.Very good phone for every day use..I like games so I've installed blood and glory legend. When I place the game for 30 - 40 mts, home screen acts crazy. 
 
I taught there was some problem with the phone so I've exchanged the phone for replacement. New phone also does the same thing. So I guess the phone does not support end games,so do not purchase games like The Dark knight Rises, Blood and Glory and Assassin's Creed Pirates..ETC. If any one is looking to purchase Moto G and planning to play some good games than buy Moto X. 
 
Apart from games and camera the phone is excellent even and 20k phone will not be able to compete with Moto G. 
 
About my experience with flipkart. 
 
I made purchase using my Amex card on 6 months EMI. I got the phone with in the time mentioned and I was very happy. Later there was some problem with the phone, flipkart replaced the phone. 
 
If any one wants to know the problem with the home screen, please check my tumbler account (mad-vish). 
 
Today I got the statement and see that EMI was not updated, when I contacted my bank about the issue they said flipkart has wrongly updated the details regarding EMI. 
 
I made the purchase on EMI because I've planned to buy other stuff and needed money. Now I'll have to pay interest or the entire amount which is not what I've planned. Very upset. So any one looking to place order on flipkart with EMI place double check because you could be in problem.&quot;All doubts regarding moto G will clear now &quot; Incredible.This phone doesn't required neither any introduction or any god or bad reviews.Because each and every aspect has covered by early users here as well as some other forums and videos. 
Why I am writing this review ? 
Because I have read some problems facing by some moto g owners and now I have answers to almost every problem asked here. 
 
First My moto g story(motorola connection): 
 
My first multimedia set was motorola moto razr v3i which I bought in 2006 and it still working.That phone was best at that time in his class only facing battery issue in that. 
 
So now a days I was looking for some smart phone with all android features but not able to decide between HTC,Samsung,Sony and apple Those I like was very costly and those in budget are not covering all my features. 
 
But when I heard about moto g I start searching about it,Believe me guys I spend my last whole month on deciding to by it...Almost I watched every single video on youtube with moto g named every forums on moto g and from last 3 days before buy I spent 15 hours continuous on net and decide after complete research that this is what I required. 
 
Now come to all problems faced by users: 
 
1. Signal problem/Call drops/and phone rebooting again and again? 
 
Reason: Guys as this phone requires a micro sim so the any loophole in cutting sim make phone vulnerable if sim not cutted properly it will continuously create problem and even if its cutted so badly it could damage your phone,Also hamper your call quality 
 
Sol: Only go for dealers who already cut sims for moto g,or using laser cutter for precision don't worry if they take even 50 bucks for it. Believe me guys don't go for any dealer who claims for make sim to micro only ask for professional and you will not face any such problem. 
Source: motorolla help US/india and moto g various forums 
 
2.) Guys complaining about problem after 4.4.2 update features create problem? 
 
Solution: During updating ensure your phone have enough battery wifi connection is within reach not a single time wifi disconnect if so it will create problem and if you upgrade you can't downgrade 
*** Must connect to charger if during update phone off so it could damage your phone permanently. 
 
Source : moto help/videos on youtube/ android forums 
 
3.) Guys complaining about battery draining problem?? 
 
Solution:Guys when you opened your moto g box so some of your phone require battery calibration I am adding a link here watch this video don't go with views it really helps those who facing battery drain problem just charge ohone continuous 8 hours and then charge 1 hour by power of then again power on and charge for 1 more hour total 10 hours and your phone and battery calibrated and drain issue must resolved 
Storage problem: 
 
Sol: go for 16 gm and you will got 50 GB google drive space for 2 years after that you can check your data their but can't add new,what else we need? 
 
4.) Some problem which are not real problems: 
a) camera quality : Guys in this budget its best after kitkat update lots of option there HD video 720 p enough we are buying a phone not a DSLR 
b)Touch : Touch is almost same like iphone 
 
I got it by flipkart at 5 PM on 22 April till now I was working with it ,no heatup,total smooth ,awesome touch ,superfast even we can use in developer mode 
 
Only concern is that google sold motorola to Lenovo so lets see how lenovo took forward it 
 
Flipkart review: 
 
In Last flipkart service super fast they told me to deliver it by 28 but I got on 3rd day of ordering Nice packaging I got 16 GB. 
Till now I shopped almost 20k on flipkart and plan to more by their app. 
 
&quot;Incredible moto G &quot; 
 
Note: Those who are thinking to buy it just order without a single thought and only from flipkart because motorola warranty doesn't apply for other websites (motorola hel told this)Loved it!!!.Ordered on 6th 00.05 am, product got delivered on 10th Feb ( Slow!!! ) but all the wait was worth... 
Go for it if you need 
1. VFM product 
2. Awesome screen 
3. Lag free performance 
4. Want to play lag free games even Asphalt 8 ( m serious ) 
5. Ok camera ( can live with it ) 
6. Good battery backup as promised by Motorola 
7. Nice looks and rugged construction, gorilla glass 3 
8. Latest android 4.4.2 ( Got updated to 4.4.2 on 19 Feb 14. Effortless OTA update. Just select install now. Download file was around 230 mb. Took 20-25 mins to download and install updates over 3G. Phone was all ready to use after instatll as it was before. ) 
 
I dnt like covers so Didn't bought flip cover with phone. 
 
Screen is very prone to fingure prints and dust. This affects the awesome gaming and video viewing experience. As of now I have microfibre cloth to clean the screen, planning to get a screen guard if available in market. 
 
Regarding flipkart - 
1. Delivery was slow this time. Its fine 
2. Got 1000 off on clothing as promised 
3. Got 500 off on books as promosed 
4. Was not lucky enough to get 100 % cashback 
5. Discount on moto accessories but no use as all are out of stock.Exceptional Phone at Unbelievable Price...Best in Class.Finally posting a review for Moto G. 
First of all the flipkart's service was not so good..I got it in 8 days.Not satisfied but that was due to Holi..Its Ok.but they do care of packaging and transport..Average Delivery. 
Coming to the phone opening it and taking it to the hands for the first time will give you a premium expirence.Opening backcover for first time was not so easy. 
The phone is just perfectly made to fit in your palm and you can do single handed operation easily. 
The build quality,screen sharpness or say quality,protection,processors are far better than any other phone in this range even it competes with higher end devices. 
Its screen is just best in this range. 
So clear that smallest text are also visible due to high ppi. 
I've done all the research before buying this phone and you can't find a phone in it's comparision. 
Don't try samsung,it just give a worst expirence. 
I am using this phone since a week and this one doesn't lag any time. 
Didn't mention it specs coz they are best in class. 
I am a heavy user of gaming,surfing,downloading,photogenic,videos,music and I am Fully Satisfied with Moto G. 
Music quality in speaker is good but the earphone expirence was not so good. You can't listen more with those earphones.Not so good. 
5 MP camera is the low point but my expirence was better than samsung's 5 MP. 
Better imaging in natural light. 
Don't go for megapixels..You can't compare nokia's 5 MP to micromax's 13 MP. 
Imagings are really good enough. 
The users who are still thinking to buy Moto G or not,I just say give it a try and surely it satisfies your needs.You must have this phone if you are finding a midranger. 
By Writing this long review you can understand how much I liked the phone and I am writing this straight from my Moto G and it's just an amazing expirence. 
Thankyou flipkart for bringing this awesome phone in India and thankyou Motorola for making such a good device.Excellent Mobile Phone With Equally Excellent Delivery Service.Firstly, I want to thank Flipkart for its excellent delivery service. I had ordered the product on 28th Feb (Friday) in the evening and I got it in my hand on 03rd Mar (Monday) in the afternoon. It was really surprising to see that quick delivery. Hats Off !!! 
 
Coming to the mobile phone, what do I say. I am simply bowled by it. This is my first Android phone and to be honest, I have probably taken one of the best decisions in my life by purchasing it. This product beat Micromax Canvas Turbo and Lenovo P780 which were also in my mind. 
 
Following are the reasons I went ahead with this mobile phone: 
 
1. Snapdragon Processor - The processing is so so so fast that I don't feel that I am using just 1.2 GHz of processing power. 
 
2. 326 ppi Display - The phone has HD display (not full HD) but what a clarity. I am just stunned by the way its display is. The 4.5 inch display size adds to the overall clarity to this display and is a good combination of perfect ppi vs. its size. 
 
3. Build Quality - The mobile phone is superbly built. Its sturdy and fits perfectly into my palm. The design is also perfect and nothing that really makes me feel sad about it. 
 
4. Gorilla Glass 3 - The specs say it has Gorilla Glass 3 which also adds to my satisfaction that I am getting a good amount of safety for the screen. 
 
5. Dual-SIM - Its a dual-SIM phone. I was looking out for one and it fits my need. 
 
6. Android 4.3 - The mobile phone has Android 4.3 Jelly Bean out of the box and is upgradable to Android 4.4.2 Kit-Kat as soon as you connect to Internet or are in the Wi-Fi range. Post upgrade, the phone is still working the best. Its in fact a bit faster now. 
 
7. Price - Lastly, the main criteria for me and that was price. I am getting the above listed features and many more in Rs. 13,999/- What more can I expect ? 
 
To summarize, I am really impressed by the mobile phone and happy to have it for me. I would suggest people reading this long review that if you are looking out for a mobile phone in which you are looking out for most of the features I mentioned above then hands-down this is the best at this date. Hope this review helps you in your buying.+Ve and -Ve of Moto G.I am using 16GB product since last 10 days. All will be aware of most positive sides. So let's start with negative points. 
 
-Ve points of Moto G 
 
1. No native video call option in 3G mode as found in Samsung, HTC, LG, MicroMax etc. You can make video call via Hangout, Skype or other app 
 
2. No 3G only mode. Only 2G and 3G preferred. So if 3G network is weak in your area then it will switch between 2G and 3G 
 
3. Multiple selection is provided in message but not provided in contact. So you can not select more than one contact at a time. 
 
4. You can group apps and make folder on home screen, But it is not done in main menu. 
 
+VE points 
 
1. Superb build quality 
2. Superb screen. Easily readable in sun light 
3. Good sound quality 
4. Supper fast KitKat. No lagging as found in Samsung mid range android. 
5. Camera is Good enough. Good quality in comparison of same price segment. 
6. Superb battery life. Works more than a day with full use of wi-fi, making call, watching video and playing game. 
7. Contact search from dialing pad is more impressive than other phone.I got my Moto G.Like every other excited Moto G lover, I too ordered it in the afternoon after a lot of consideration, having read rave reviews from all the critics over the world. Finally order was successful with Black Flip Cover and got the delivery within 2 days. 
 
After having used it for two days, here is my feedback. 
 
First of all, the build quality is awesome and looks so beautiful/cool in hand. Easily one can operate with one hand. With flip cover, its grip is pretty great. 
 
Display and touch are amazing. The text looks sharp and crystal clear. Internet is fast over 2G/3G/Wi-Fi and downloading app is blazing fast. I can't feel any lag so far, however while downloading some app, the screen freezes sometimes, I had to re-start once or twice. 
 
Battery performance is 1.5 days easily with all the connection on. Camera is OK in day light and average in low light. Flashlight is so good with an app. I don't play games so can't comment about that. Though I guess and have read, it's really good. 
 
Overall, thanks Motorola/Google for providing a phone with my dream specifications with a price so affordable and experience &quot;The World is in My Hand&quot;.G for gorgeous !!!!!!.after using 10days moto g is just supureb .... 
1:-EXCELLENT speed with 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Processor and 1GB ram 
2:- a GREAT-LCD display with Adreno 305 graphics ( a high resolution video like 1918x798 easly run by the device without any lag or sound problem ) 
3:- decent battery (with a normal brightness and using internet gaming etc not constant use the device can run more than 24 hours ) 
4:- EXTREMELY high sound in speaker but not a great head-phone but not bad also. 
5:- with 5 MP Primary camera in day light using with HDR its totally very good .constant u can capture 100+ photos with holding ur hand on the screen but the picture is just normal not as good as a single photo .ZOOM is very bad so don't zoom use normal shot . In night flash is heavy power but picture is not very good if ur hand is stable u can take a nice photo if there is any noise the photo will be BBRRROOMM. with 1.3 MP Secondary Camera is good for online calling with 4.5 display its totally cool with skype . 
6:- 3g &amp; wifi is GREAT in one word .calling quality quit superb with noise cancellation . 
7:- OTG suprtd device u can use pen drive with OTG-cable ( but u have to download a apps like file explorer ) or adding a Bluetooth u can easing type with ur wireless key-brd and mouse with a good performance . 
8:- others feature like kitkat 4.4.2 , ok google 50gb cloud storage (for two years) , GOOD high quality gaming performance . Corning Gorilla Glass 3, FACE UNLOCK etc .. 
 
 a WONDERFUL device for daily use and for social network and any other within 14000..so guys go for it cheerss.. :)Best budget Android phone-- Game changer phone.The Motorola Moto G is a very good deal. A mid-range Android phone at a budget phone price.If you want a device that's a little more pocket-friendly than the Galaxy S 4, Grand then this is the one you should go for. 
If you want a device that's a little more pocket-friendly than others and save money then go for it. 
The HD display is nice and better than others in the segment. Other specs like 1 GB RAM, 4.5 inch display makes a perfect phone for me who hate putting 5, 5.5 inch phone in pocket. 
Changable back covers is good though plastic quality should have been bettered. 
In terms of hardware and performance, phone is nice . I really believe the phone is great value for money and will not burn hole in pockets as other competitors are offering same specs in 20k range. 
Only things that i feel could have improved in like missing NFC, battery life , and rechangable battery. 
 
Though after seeing review and motorola plan on increasing service quality i expect a better service of this brand. Looking forward for using this phone. 
Overall i think buying this is a smart choice.Review from 3 month old User.This is an excellent package from Motorola. The timing of the launch was even made it tough for others. This phone doesn't have any competitors at its level. While manufactures where busy concentrating on exploiting Indian users MotoG came as a blessing. 
Pros: 
1, Stunning looks- you would simply love looking at it ;) 
2, Kitkat - you wont feel the differnce immediately but yes this adds more value. 
3, Corning Gorilla glass - must have for all smart phones but sadly only MotoG offers it. 
4, HD Display- This is an head turner indeed. Though you might find many carrying bigger screen mobiles the moment you play a HD video everyone one feels the difference. 
5, 1GB Ram with Quadcore- combined with Kit and Moto UI gives you absolute freedom to run heavier apps. 
6, Battery Back up: Minimum 16hrs which is actually 24hrs if you knock off your sleeping time. Sometime it stands for more than 24hrs.( My usage 3G ON all the time, Office Mail, do lot of calling, Little music, games and Maps) 
 
Few Cons: 
1, Music Player is very average. I don't know whether a earphone could change it. 
2, Internet doesn't have a &quot;always 3G&quot; option so even if you have 3G the speed varies. So always look for H+ symbol. It does have a preferred network option but still it changes automatically. 
3, There are no hard keys for Home and Back button this actually creates problem while playing games only. 
4, I feel this phone could have been priced at min 1K lesser than its price cos all mobile comes with a small cushion in price to play with. But since it turned out to be a huge success I don't see a chance for a discount now. 
 
Please Note: Non replaceable Battery and Storage is not a problem at all.my best phone ever.I started my smartphone career with iphone 1st gen which i used for 5 years 
then i found the ios look boring and wanted android experience 
Then I bought HTC One V with a budget specs used for 1 year 
wanted a powerfull phone 
Shortlisted 
1. Nexus 4 
2. Nexus 5 
3. S4 
4. LG G2 
5. Note 3 
6. Canvas turbo 
 
Note 3 was expensive and canvas turbo lacked reliability and service 
among the rest Nexus 5 was my favourite untill moto g appeared 
It matched with Nexus 4 at half the price to pay 
booked mine on 6th morning 12.10 
wanted to buy flipcover but didnt get the discount and settled for phone and a shell 
got the phone on 12-2-14 
unboxing yielded phone, charger, headset, and user manual 
 
pros 
Display superb just like retina display 
processing speed and GPU- never hanged even when loaded with plenty apps, fifa 2014 played very nice smooth, no graphic lag 
battery 1 day experience- lasted pretty much, average use 50 % batter left at evening after my initial full charge 
USB OTG working used ez explorer and nexus media importer 
overall-performs better than the specs given 
 
cons 
Camera-expect minimum from this camera-13999 almost invested everything in display and processor 
 
its really poor man's nexus and performs just like nexus 4 
 
waiting for KK updateIt can't get any better than this for Rs.13,999! Just incredible..I have been using Moto G for over a month now and no issues! 
No app crash. No hang. No lag in NFS Most Wanted, Modern Combat 4, Asphalt 8, GTA Vice City. Very Smooth gaming. 12.5 GB user available memory. 
Battery life is not the best but it is very good. It can last 16-17 hours easily for a heavy user like me (Gaming, Watching Movies and TV Shows, Listening Music and Lot of internet browsing over 3G and WiFi.) So you just need to fully charge it once a day (twice very rarely). 
Camera Quality is decent for regular pics. The detail in the photos is not so good when you zoom them but it is good enough for regular pics for uploading on social networks. And hey just look at the price man. You can't expect the other features that it is giving at this price and that too from a reknown google company like Motorola. The Camera is still better than some cheap indian phones like micromax, lava and spice of this price range.. 
It plays HD (720p) and also Full HD (1080p) videos without lag through MX Player (H/W Decoder). 
No USB Data Cable is provided in the box. So you have to get one 
I also use an OTG Cable to connect a 32GB pendrive to my phone and it works without any issues. I use ES File Explorer. 
Internet connectivity is also decent. It is able to catch 3G network even at those places which my S Duos was not. Though WiFi kept dropping earlier but I changed some settings and now it works fine. 
It is the best buy in market right now. It easily over-powers any other smartphone available for 10,000-20,000 and some even above 20,000 (better than Nexus 4 for me). 
Go for it without any second thoughts.Flipkart... Take a Bow!.First of all, thanks a bunch to Flipkart for your awe-inspiring and lightning fast service. I mean it. I booked my Moto G on 21st of February and the device is in my hands right now; that's on today 23rd of February! No lies, this is the fact. Respect Flipkart. 
(5 star ratings exclusively for Flipkart. Because the phone is outstanding, anyway! Point made.) 
 
Now coming to the device, it's beautiful, cute as well as a beast! :-) 
Stunning display, looks, as the Google still owns it a little, it will get OTA updates along with the Nexus devices soonest possible. 
 
Took the device in hands just an hour ago, which is why I'm not writing a lot about it. The rest of the reviews have covered it, I presume. 
But Motorola have surely nailed it in the Indian market. They really have asked their &quot;android&quot; competitors to &quot;shut up&quot;. :-) 
 
No lags as of now, not even a single problem with 4.4.2 KitKat update and no camera issue as well. Slow motion video recording is a big plus of this phone. 
 
Rest everything is spellbinding about this phone. One word, &quot;Awesome&quot;. Go ahead and buy it. But please don't blame Flipkart. They're working on it. 
 
Will post another review exclusively about this cute Moto G. 
Peace! :-)Best ever smartphone in less than 15k range and faster shipment by Flipkart..If you are buying a phone less than 15k range and want the features that are available in mobiles greater than 20k range, then Moto G is worth going for. 
 
Right from the display to the performance the phone always exceeded my expectations. 
Motorola/Google has really done a great job. 
 
This phone (326 ppi) has pixel density equal to that of iphone 4s (332 ppi). 1.2Ghz processor and Adreno 305 GPU really impresses a lot. It doesn't makes us feel to be having only 1GB RAM. No lag or whatsoever is seen. 
 
Some people say, it would be great if there is an external memory slot. But, for me, it doesn't seems to be required. I think, what Google might have thought is, If people who are using expensive iphones are living with their limited storage, we can provide the same in this price range. 
Though google has given 50gb cloud storage (for 2 years, this is addition to 16gb free storage for every google account), I am not sure how useful it will be. Because in India, where internet speed is comparatively low and usage rates are high, we could hardly afford to sync our data to cloud to everytime. Better option would be to use a Wifi network. 
 
Battery backup is kind of ok. It lasts for more than 24 hrs under standby mode. 
 
Only con I could see is below par Camera. Which is not as worst as described in other reviews. It can be very well used for casual photographies and for facebook posts.. 
 
I saw lot of reviews about delayed delivery. But, I got the mobile in 2 working days. Ordered it on friday and received on monday. Since I'm in Bangalore and the vendor WS Retail is also based on Bangalore, I guess it wouldn't have taken much time to ship. 
 
Overall it is worth for money.Best Budget Smartphone! Indeed!.Before buying this cell I did some quick research and ended up choosing this. I had Sony Xperia Mini Pro but somehow it stopped working, so had to choose a budget Smartphone. I'm a fan of Sony products due to their looks and rich feel. So while choosing the cell I'd following brands in mind : Sony, HTC, Nokia &amp; Moto 
Micromax, Karbon &amp; Samsung I never consider. MM &amp; Karbon due to quality issues and Samsung never stops producing similar looking cell. A 5k cell of Samsung is almost identical to their 55k cell, and this design strategy I don't like. 
 
I compared Xperia M with this, and every time this one won. 
Screen : 4.5 over 4; Also quality is decent, believe me I used Xperia Mini Pro, the best screen one can get in budget 2 years back. 
 
Build Quality : Both Moto G &amp; Xperia M are almost similar, Still slim Moto G scores an edge over M. 
 
Battery : Decent use can take you till 1.5+ days. Bit good over Xperia M 
 
Memory : Now here's the main part, Xperia M has expandable memory but is of very little use. Because the internal memory available is just 4 GB (for user) and we cant install apps on external memory nor can we move apps to SD card (after rooting the case might be different) This is a serious downside of Xperia M. Going for 16 GB Moto G is advisable. 
 
OTG Support : Yes, it has OTG support by default and usb drive up to 16 GB works perfectly fine. 
 
Performance : Quad Core, 1.2 means performance will be decent and it is. Even when running applications like Team Viewer there is no lag what so ever and most high end games too play flawlessly on this one. 
 
Gorilla Glass : Really great add on, you actually don't need scratch guard if you take some care and rest is taken care by the screen itself. Finger nails can never put a scratch on this. 
 
Camera : This is a bit downside, Daylight &amp; outdoor photos come out great but indoor and low light snaps carry noise. However I never had to worry, I leave the job of snapping to my super zoom cam and thus 5MP cam on this is enough for me to click some quick snaps on the go. 
 
All in all the best budget Smartphone to buy. Kudos Moto GPerfect balance of price and performance.First thing first hats off to flipkart for prompt delivery as they promise. 
 
Well I was looking for a phone with complete assets that could fit right into my pocket on a considerable budget and since MOTO G was announced back in November last year I had my eyes set on it and was waiting keenly for its launch in India. 
I managed to order the MOTO G on 6th Feb in middle of a mad rush in the first 15 minutes of initial launch(it went out of stock after that)and got it delivered by 8th Feb. 
Coming on to MOTO G ironically its in a league of its own,its a beautiful device that fits right into your hand and offers pretty good one hand opeartion,the built quality is excellent,it feels solid and sturdy a bit heavy though with curve design suit followed by motorola but it gives you all the pleasent comfort that one desires in a smartphone. The screen is one of the major highlights of the phone and it does manages to impress you with the brightness and colour reproduction that it offers with an important addition of Gorilla Glass 3 over it which makes the screen scratch resistant,it is undoubtedly amazing and set standards for other brands. MOTO G has a 5 MP camera at the back and 1.3 MP on the front which I would say is decent,as I am not a cam geek I have very less things to play with the camera feature on any phone but though in overall performance in terms of daylight and low light conditions on a average basis MOTO G does a very good job. Moving on the other aspects of the phone the call quality is very good with noise cancelling capabilities,browsing and surfing is very impressive with easy navigation through pages and texts,sound output from the speakers is very good,music quality is one of the positives of the phone but I would recommend to go for a good pair of IEM other then the default one.In terms of the performance it indeed is exceptional,I have managed to play some of the high end games available on the play store like asphalt 8,fifa14 and did not find any hint of lag at all.I have been using this device for more than 2 weeks now and tried everything with this device,running intensive tasks,several applications at a time,but this device has never shown any signs of getting exhausted but delivered an amazing performance in every aspect without giving a moment to disappoint.The performance in real world is so good that it even match up with some of the high end phones available at present and no other device in the sub Rs.15-20K comes even close to it.However,with all the praise one shortcoming on this device that I feel is its limited storage to 16 GB(real 12 GB) which sometimes is not sufficient when to carry a lot of movies and music but nonetheless it is satisfactory, infact it provides the option to increase the storage alternatively through OTG feature,it allows to mount USB pen drive,SD card with card reader and even hard drives (FAT32 format not NTFS). An important highlight of the phone is its battery which is very impressive,it has managed to give a backup of approx 22-24 hours on medium to slightly heavy usage,on any other day when I have had no other tasks to do in particular except calling,bit of music and browsing,I got around 56 hours of battery backup,on a average basis I am able to charge it once in 24 hours. MOTO G was released with the default stock android 4.3 jelly bean and after being updated to 4.4 kitkat a couple of days back I have noticed significant improvement in performance with display getting immersive which makes the status bar and on screen buttons transparent. 
 
In the end what makes MOTO G stands out among competition is its price,a real bargain at just Rs.13999 for 16 GB makes it an exceptional choice among all major and trader brands which have gone wrong with the poor pricing of their devices before,but motorola has managed to deliver a device which has genetics of pure american engineering with a perfect balance of price and performance.Nice phone at sub 15K range.This is a nice phone at below 15k price point. I was about to buy some other model but then on last moment I noticed this phone and ordered. Event though I ordered in standard delivery I received it quite fast. the phone was in my hand within 2 days of my order. I am using flipkart since past 3-4 years and haven't really noticed any problem with their delivery so far. 
I am new to android, so far was Symbian user. So I am still adjusting to this new OS. I am using this since past 2 days and here are my comments 
 
Pros - 
&gt; Low cost. 
&gt; Quicker Responses time of applications. 
&gt; Ample space (You will get around 11.5 Gb for 16GB model after necessary apps installation) 
 
Cons - 
&gt; Camera picture quality bad for 5 MP, you can see grains in small screen itself. MY 2MP E71 was taking much nicer picture. I guess this has to do with software and may get resolved in future releases, not sure though. 
[Edit] -After Kitkat upgrade somehow my camera seem to be taking better picture, I suppose it was because of some setting issue. Grains become visible if I enlarge the pic, but guess this is OK considering the .pic will be viewed mostly on mobile. 
Rating - Reduced one star because of camera pic quality. 
&gt;Battery seem to have some trouble. But looking around other SmartPhone review I guess it is in much better shape. I also need to switch off some unwanted apps to increase the battery performance. I think it will take time for Nokia user to get accustomed to frequent charging. :-) 
[Edit] - Battery is perfectly alright, I suppose I was getting problem earlier because of my setting.My batter last for more than 26 hours with mobile internet ON all the time and 1-2 hours of call. 
&gt; The screen viability will be low in sunlight. not sure if other 'smart phones' too have the same problem. 
 
Verdict - This phone is AWESOME! 
 
P.S. - I may revise my comment at later period based on more usage.Not satisfied with Moto G i got..I have ordered this product on 14,Feb 2014. 
I got this product after i have contacted Flipkart and asked them about the deliveries done on 18,Feb.2014 by them for the orders which got placed on 17,Feb.2014 (i.e., after 14,Feb.2014). Finally I got the product on 23,Feb.2014. Since, I was out of station nobody in my home touched/checked. I am back today (26,Feb.2014) and tried to swith on the product but no success. Tried to switch on after connecting charger but no luck. Immediately I raised return request and waiting for them to contact me. 
I am not understanding whether I can go for other Moto G phone by returning the one I got or not. 
P.S: When I searched in google i found lot of reviews about Moto G battery that we should not wait till the charging reaches less than 10-20%. If the entire battery discharges, booting the phone is not possible even we plug in charger, unless u keep the phone ideal for few hours. I am not understanding whether any body faced this issue or not. I heared for some body that phone is getting heated up more when play/browse for 15-20 Min.Best HD Display and Fast Processor is what makes it different in its class..Pros: 
1.Display 4.5-inch HD Display 1280 x 720 Pixels (326 ppi) which is best in all mid range phones under 20K. 
2.Quad Core Processor 1 GB RAM :Multiple applications run smoothly simultaneously. GTA Vice city,Asphalt 8 along with browsing, downloading or whatever it runs smoothly. 
 
3.Google Product:Although Lenevo now Owned it but it feels like its a Google product with android KitKat 4.4.2 and connected fully to your Google drive (50 GB free space),easy and fast access to Google maps, mails,books etc. 
4.Corning Gorilla Glass and Water Resistant 
 
Cons: 
Memory is Not Expandable. 
If you are going to buy 8 GB version then reconsider your decision.In 8 GB variant you will get only 5.5 GB memory which is too less. 
In 16 GB version something around 12.92GB which is enough for people like me. 
Camera: 
Camera comes with 5 MP which is not to good not so bad but clarity wise it is good as compared to similar phones of 5 MP camera. 
Front Camera is 1.3 pixels . 
You get normal earphone of OK or low quality type. 
Design is normal but it feels good to hold. 
Considering Cons and Pros then only problem is with memory which does not stand in front of its HD display and quad core processor. 
Overall this is the best phone at this time grab it. 
 
ALL THE BEST,Bloody best in this price segment.Five best reasons to consider this as the best in its segment: 
-- Qualcomm Snapdragon quad core CPU 
-- Adreno 305 GPU 
-- Gorilla Glass 3 
-- HD display with 329 ppi 
-- An almost stock Android plus GUARANTEED update to KitKat 
 
I really am afraid to show one another smartphone in this price tag with at least one or two of the aforementioned highlights! 
 
Exceptional phone, Exceptional price. Justified. Period. 
 
Update: First impression of Moto G after getting my hands on it: 
-- Mobile design and build quality is extremely good. Despite the fact its 11.5 mm thick, its very comfortable to hold and doesn't feel heavy 
-- Display clarity is the most impressive thing you'll notice first. Thanks to the HD display 
-- Sound is very loud and clear. Both in-call volume and loudspeaker are decent. No worries 
-- Speed, as they say, is powerful enough to do majority of things like gaming, downloading, ... 
-- Software is clean! No bloatware but comes with a few Motorola Apps. Disable them if you don't want. Worth mentioning that KitKat upgrade is provided OTA 
-- Battery backup lasts for a day provided with mixed use of gaming, surfing, voice call, music, .. Beware though, KitKat eats more battery than it was before upgraded 
-- The only average thing is Camera which really could have been better! 
 
After completing two weeks of usage, I find zero issues with this mobile :-)Best Buy!.I'll write about the experience thus far. 
First things first. 
-Build quality is respectable.Grip is spot on.Deceptively slim. 
-The Display is beautiful ; Sharp,vivid,bright and has good viewing angles. 
-The Specifications are good (excellent considering the price), but the Performance is simply brilliant(owing to the almost stock Android interface).Zero lag. 
-The Camera's colour reproduction is fantastic, though there is a wee bit of pixellation. 
-Slow motion video capture works well. 
-Pictures are a lot better in bright, natural light. 
-Multitasking on this device is a treat. 
-Loudspeaker quality is good , even at the maximum output, both of which are excellent. 
-All the inbuilt/pre-loaded Google applications only make the experience more enjoyable. 
-On the go support. 
-50 gigabytes on Google Drive.Do use it (even if only a fractional part of it). 
-Android 4.4.2. 
-Good call quality.Good keyboard.Responsive screen. 
-Incredible for the price. 
-Battery looks good for a day at minimum. 
-Robust.Its practically waterproof and has Gorilla glass 3. 
-Development support and ROMs. 
-Speedy delivery (Thanks Flipkart!). 
 
As for the cons: 
-No expandable storage. 
-Headphones could've been a little better (in-ear/cushioned). 
-Buttons could have been a notch tighter. 
-Dual sim is standby and not active (not a big deal though). 
-Wallpapers are poor (no,seriously). 
 
There is no point in waiting. Get yours now!Amazing !!! Go with the Trend !!!.After a long research and analysis, finally decided to go with the Trend i.e. Moto G (16GB) and placed the order on 17th Apr and received the same on 19th Apr.... Thanks to Flipkart and EKart Logistics who made it possible despite the heavy demand of Moto G. 
Now coming to the Product&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; After using Spice Stellar, Xperia Neo, Samsung Grand, Micromax (Canvas 2 and 4), if i have to describe the Moto G in a word ... the only word i find is &quot;Amazing&quot;. 
HIGHLIGHTS 
1. Great Design &gt; Feels great in hands, amazing look, solid build, perfectly designed for single hand use and on the top Gorilla Glass V3, Water Resistant, Dust Resistant, Scratch Resistant and that too in the price bracket of 14K.... Gr88888888888888!!!!! 
2. Latest Software &gt; Comes with Android 4.3 to be upgraded to 4.4 Kitkat 
3. Battery Life &gt; Google &amp; Motorola again fulfills its promise of 24 hrs of battery life. however, as far as continuous gaming and surfing is concern, the battery stay with you for appx 7 hrs. 
4. Connectivity &gt;&gt; Great Signal reception, great internet experience over 3G (used with Airtel only, can't say about others) Wi-Fi, BlueTooth and OTG is on plus side. 
5. Display &gt;&gt; Stunning !!!! IPS LCS with 326 PPI will give a great viewing experience of HD Videos, pics and yes... it overpower the so called giants Samsung &amp; HTC. 
THE DRAWBACK::::: 
The only thing which may disappoint the shooters bugs is average 5 MP Primary Camera. thought its capable of recording HD video and Slow Motion also, but the picture quality is somehow not at par with Samsung's 5 MP. But for regular use i.e. for uploading pics to FB, Tweeter and other requirement (which is the basic use of camera in my views) the quality is quite enough and i consider it as &quot;GOOD&quot;. 
So, guys don't think twice while ordering Moto G if you are looking for a trending device with a limited budget of 14k. Please feel free to ask a question on Moto G @ 9958089441Lot of issues... Don't buy this phone..Well, after reading all the good and bad reviews, I still went for this phone thinking that they might have resolved the problem. But, even after 3 months since launch, I am facing same problems(not all) which I read in negative reviews. 
 
Major problem with this phone is network issue. Basic moto of the cell phone seems to be screwed because of this problem. It looses the signal frequently and temporary solution to get rid of this problem is to reboot your phone. 
 
Same thing happens when you change the packet data from one SIM to other. 
With 2G data, I am unable to download application from Google play which I was able to do with my earlier phone. Even I am unable to download image of nominal size in WhatsApp. So there is much more lag in data speed. 
 
With 3G, Speed is quite ok. But it looses data connection frequently making it difficult to play games online. 
Headset quality is really bad. Even cell phone below 10K price provide better headset quality than this one. 
When I thought that these many problems are enough, I came across one more disappointment. Camera quality is below par. Images are blurry with slightly moving objects. And low light image quality is really bad. 
There are other bugs too as mentioned by others. I did not do R&amp;D for all those.. 
 
Battery: In my case, its perfectly fine. No problem faced yet with battery. 
 
Display quality is good. But you will get same quality in each phone in this price range. 
 
Full marks to Flipkart for delivering it in 27 hours. Hope they will provide same post-sell service 
 
At last, you can neglect camera and headset issues. But I am hopeful that they will come up with some patch for network and packet data problem. 
 
I'd not recommend to buy this phone.Epicness in reality!!.The Moto-G is an awesome phone for its price. It bags most of the features of an ideal android for this price. I rate it 5/5 stars for its awesomeness. 
 Coming to the specs, it gives the user an all round expierience from A-Z of every android phone. 
Body: 
 Awesome design, although its common now-a-days, it fits perfectly into your hand with a dent at the back to place your index finger for more balance. It comes with a matte finish back cover, but it can be replaced with many other covers. 
 
Display: 
 You cant find anything better than the corning gorilla glass 3! Keeps your phone acrathless without a screen protector at all! 4.5 inches is the moderate size for display (although it is around 4.25 due to the soft buttons and all), providing sharp and crisp display. 
 
Memory: 
I suggest 16gb to ensure that space will be taken up by stuff, but 8gb is more than enough too! 
 
Camera: 
5mp snaps cool photos with all camera options and features too. 1.3mp front cam is decent enough for selfies! :P 
 
Other features: 
4.4.2 KitKat out of the box = UBER AWESOME!! 
1.2 ghz is good with a quad core processor. 
Text to speech and all other yada-yada features.... 
The one awesome thing is the nano coating! I dropped my phone in a puddle while playing soccer, and all i had to do to remove the dirt, was immerse it in a small mug of water! That is one cool thing in moto g. 
 
Overall: Awesome phone for its price - either the highest low end smartphone or medium range high end smart phone ;) . 
Suggestion: Buy it if you can!!Best phone out there..So my budget was around 25K. So obviously, my choices were limited to these- 
(1) Nexus 4 (2) Nexus 5 (3) iPhone 4 (4) iPhone 4S 
But then came the Moto G. So here are a few things that helped me decide which one out there is the best for me. 
 
Moto G vs Nexus 4/5 
All the specs are pretty much similar between the two except the nexus 5 screen was a bit bigger and had 1080p resolution and after watching the speed tests, Moto G was just as good if not better. And it boiled down to two things- Price vs Camera. If you want 3MP more for 11K more, go for the Nexus. If not Moto G, duh. 
 
iPhone 4/4s vs Moto G 
So these iPhones are around 3 years old, have 3.5 inches screens vs the 4.5 inches screen on the G. Also, the G is brand new, guaranteed upgrade to Android 4.4 whereas the iPhones haven't taken the iOS 7 upgrade too well. The camera is pretty much the same but the iPhone displays richer images. Given the price and specs, Moto G is the clear winner here. 
 
I really needn't say anything about the cheap Samsung and Sony phones available nowadays. 
 
Hope this was helpful. :)The Best Phone for its PRICE RANGE with competitive features with IPHONE &amp; NEXUS.I bought this phone on its first day the phone is just cool all the features are competitive with iphone 5c and nexus 5 
 
battery is just cool it come more than a day without 3g or 2g and with network it comes around 16-18 hours which is seriously the best 
 
camera is good not the best but its auto detection of flash is waste it does not work properly work on low lighting and one more disadvantage is that 
 
the best part is ok google which allows you to surf the web without typing 
 
and all apps are working with extraordinary performance (HD games included like asphalt 8 etc) 
 
front camera is definitely good 
 
sound clarity is exceptional 
 
it is difficult to customize the back panels 
 
micro usb cord is not included which is a drawback 
 
and no file manager is given so that it would look to be a little difficult to use this phone for a very few days 
 
setting ringtones and changing / deleting contact is quite difficult 
 
expected KITKAT update will reach within 12 days 
to be true this phone does things more than expectations 
 
Thank You For ReadingOne word sexy.HI i was waiting for the moto g from the date when it was launched outside. 
Had ordered the phone on 6th morning exactly at 12 am my order no OD40206040294 and on 7th feb at 4pm the phone was delivered now about the phone. 
 
first thing when i opened the box i uttEred a word SEXY... 
PROS 
1.the phone is very premium 
ul be happy to flaunt it. 
2 The touch is excellent makhan. 
3.ThE display quality ummmha... 
4.The sanpdragon 400 processor its lightning . 
5.The signal strength of this phone is awesome. 
 
Cons 
1.The speakers are a bit low and not that clear. 
 
Now im using the phone for last 2 days and i must tell u it would have been a great hit if motorola would sell this phone for 23k-26ks.I hv downloaded and played temple run 2 subway surfers frontline commando enemy strike hardcore games and beleive me theres no lag etc its makhan. I have compared this phone with Samsung s4 and believe me its as fast as S4.it boots up faster than s4 note 2 etc and there are many things to write. 
My last word buy it without any hesitatation its worth more than what u pay.BEST android experience ever!!.hello friends.. 
after waiting for about 2-3 months, finally ordered my moto g on the launch day..(was lucky enough to place my order at 12:06 am that day only) 
ordered 16 GB version along with Red back cover on 6th feb and got my mobile on 10th feb (sunday). 
Got all the offers of launch day. Total price = 14000 + 270 = 14270 
it was first time i had ordered mobile though flipkart and packaging was brilliant with two bubble wraps packing the box. 
box is so small...loved it..!!..and red back cover is just beautiful ..!!.. 
 
the mobile is absolutely stunning..!!...most beautiful mobile i have ever seen...really its beauty can't be seen truly from images..also the back side looks wonderful.. 
 
it just look beautiful...and it looks very premium device...looks like a very costly phone..! 
 
Box included - 
Mobile (in built battery) 
Charger (without detachable usb cable) 
Earphones 
 
then i turned on the phone, even its boot animation is very nice..! 
after quickly setting up my phone.. 
 
1.Absolutely no lags what so ever, i was downloading and updating apps from wifi and was also playing games after downloading, but no lags what so ever...feels really nice after using Xperia go which i previously owned. 
 
2.Superb display...very crisp text..but personally i don't like those 3 buttons inside the screen itself, there is much space below the screen, they could have placed it there only..but again that is also a point which may have reduced the cost..Screen is though finger print magnet..but no scratch till now..looks just new after a wipe with cloth.. 
 
3.Loud speaker quality is very good..very loud..good for playing music and u can hear ringtone in loud environment, and i got very nice call quality as well.No distortion. 
 
4.Gaming performance - i downloaded games like subway surfers, angry birds go (racing game), death moot 2, tennis 3d and these all are running without any problem.Very smooth performance. i am downloading asphalt 8 now, and wiill 
update this after playing that.. 
 
5.Multitasking - Switching between apps is quick and fast, not so fast if many apps are opened but not so slow that it may seem like a problem. I was switching between fb, whatsapp, game, playstore, messaging and settings without any problem. 
 
6. Camera - it was beinig said that camera is not upto the mark, but i found camera quality to be decent enough, it takes pictures fast and quickly. 
 
Video recording is very nice, and u can click pictures while recording videos.I have not tried slow motion recording yet. 
 
7. Earphones provided are not so good, just okay for calling purpose only.I would recommend using other earphones for music. we are lucky that we got charger and earphones (which are not provide in some other countries) and price is still so low. 
 
8.charging is slow, but i read somewhere that after some recharge cycles it will charge faster or it maybe the 550 mA charger.but its okay..u cant have everything best in this range.. 
 
9.Battery backup - i left at 6 am with 94 percent battery and used the phone for gaming(half an hour), movie(half an hour) internet (3-4 hrs) and clicked about 150 picturs and 4-5 videos recording and next day 5 am, it was 27 percent.So as of now, battery backup is excellent, it can easily last a day with medium to heavy usage.. 
 
10.Benchmarks - Done on jellybean(stock), antutu score is 16933, slightly more than nexus 4 
 
So over all i am very happy with my phone..!!..it is just so beautiful!!..absolutely gorgeous ...Clearly the best phone under 15-16 thousand you can buy..!!..Amazing phone at 14K.I ordered this in afternoon on 6th Feb as I was not able to order it in the night. First the delivery date was showing 10th Feb which I was ok with. However to my surprise the phone got delivered next day before afternoon, which is less than 24 hours. Really amazing service by Flipkart. 
 
Before reviewing this I would like to say do not compare it with phones which come with a price tag of Rs 25K or 30K. They are totally in different league. 
 
The box doesn't comes with seal (this I had know from a video online). 
 
Inside box you will have 
 
Phone 
Ear phone 
Charger 
Warranty and manual papers. 
Invoice 
 
You do not get a data cable. 
 
From the looks no one would say its a cheap phone and has been bought under 15K. Phone gives a premium look. As for the earphone and charger (white in colour) they do look very cheap. I think these were just put for the sake of giving it since the US version does not have earphone and charger, only data cable. 
 
Display is really awesome, clear and sharp. Amazing. 
Phone is really fast, no lags. 
Once I signed in with my Google account all apps from previous phone were installed automatically. 
With Moto Migrate you can transfer all your media, call logs, messages to your new phone in very few simple steps. This is really cool. 
Out of 16gb you have around 12.5 gb available free. 
Out of 1 gb ram you can get 500 mb ram free. 
Sound quality is good and loudspeaker is really loud. 
Comes with android 4.3. Waiting for 4.4 launch 
Comes with dual sim though I am using single sim still. 
Battery is really good. After installing lots of apps, running wifi continuously, playing games, using camera and calls it consumed very little battery. Lets see if it continues to keep this up. 
Wifi, Bluetooth and GPS all work very well. 
Before buying I heard read reviews that Camera quality is not very good. But I do not use too much of camera in phone so it was ok for me. However, would like to say the camera quality is decent and not very bad. The images taken look clear and sharp. Again do not compare it with 30K range mobiles. This is half the price. 
It does not have a file manager which is not a very big very big deal. You can install any file manager for this. 
For playing music you get Google's Play Music app. 
It has Photo gallery which offers you to view photos in 3 different modes. 
 
Overall I would say the phone is awesome. Apart from charger and earphone.One of the best mobile phone to gift.I've bought 4 mobile of the same model for my friends and family they all are happy with the mobile. 
 
Good 
1. Screen size as i was looking for something smart that can fit into my pocket 
2. GPS that's work great even when i'm inside my home. 
3. battery backup 
3. screen resolution and gorilla galas 3 
4. pure android 
5.first mobile in india to get kitkat 
6. brand names as mobile make by google and motorola they are the best. 
7.dual sim 
8. nano coating 
9. slow motion video recording 
10. Motorola help - that make easier to contact with customer care for any support. 
 
Last but not the least PRICE I MEAN THIS IS THE PERFECT COMBINATION OF PRICE AND WITH THE GREAT BRAND LIKE GOOGLE AND MOTOROLA 
 
NOT good 
1. camera - but i'm not expecting mobile to give better result of picture than digi cam 
2. RAM as i think i should be 1.5gb of ram. 
3. non removable battery - that doesn't matter for me 
4. no expandable storage - as i'm not using as a storage device i keep limited thing. 
 
Cons: those who are looking for the smart device go for it if its fitting in your budget you'll not be disappointed.Finally got the MOTO G!!!! Feels Awesome after 2 hours of use..... Booked on 7th - Received on 18th.Awesome phone... minor hurdle due to my existing SIM being a normal one.... rushed to the nearest mobile repair shop and paid Rs. 20 to get it converted into micro SIM. The screen and feel of the phone is really good. MOTO G is replacing my very old HTC Legend which is still good, but memory being the limitation. I do not like spending too much on a phone as I hardly used most the features that an Android phone came with. My daughter is happy to run Temple Run and Subway surfers which is amazing. I have not charged the phone yet.. it came with 50% battery charged.. but with 2 hours of continous use .. 30% battery got drained. (downloaded 300 MB of apps!!!) Still have to charge and verify how long the battery really works. So far so good... 
 
Please note: 
1. I am happy with the Phone usage of 2 hours ... will have to further stress test it. 
2. I am frustrated and disappointed with the way the shipping and shipping information was handled.. where some people who booked after me, got their phones much earlier than me and the complete lack of status for 8 days from bookingGood Mobile With Best Price &amp; Specs.well got my mobile in 1 day and as u guys know this fk ppl... i was scared but they brought a new piece with seal thank god :P 
 
well coming to the mobile 
 
i was using samsung galaxy s2 till this moto g came to my hand 
 
almost pleased with this mobile 
 
pros ; 
1.design 
2.specs 
3.quality 
4.performance 
5.display &amp; Touch 
6.sound( well speaker is ok but the ear phones suckz till now didnt use em :P just connecting my sony MW600 wireless it rocks) 
 
cons: 
1.no memory card slot :| 
2.non removable battery (just like upcoming mobiles) 
3.battery drain faster than u expect 
 
well let me explain 
 
first of all its a gud mobile for gaming ;) 
no lag thats the best part soo far 
multi tasking is ok 
display is awesome 
best part is that it just looks like a mobile with 4.5 inch screen :P not a 5&quot; shit 
dual sim is ok 
 
well if u use wifi or mobile net ur battery will b dead before u knew it :P like 5-6hrs 
and if u dont it may come up to 8+hrs with music 
 
as i saw some ppl said change the networks to 2G instead of 3G to save some battery use 
 
that option wont work and if does change automatically some timez 
 
and more over it didnt save me any shit 
 
i can simply suggest this mobile to any 1 looking for a gud specs mobile around 14kFlipkart is a king of Online Megastore.Well first of all I apologies for the delay to give my feedback due to heavy workload(I hope you will understand). 
 
I would like to congratulate flipkart for delivering and maintaining the highest level of customer service along with 100 % customer satisfaction. 
For all the other customers I would like to share my experience with flipkart. 
This is the first time I have bought something from online shopping sites. 
I was not putting trust to buy online as the ratio of customer satisfaction was less but flipkart has changed my view and made me fan of buying things online specially from flipkart. 
 
I have bought Moto G from flipkart on the same day of the launch if I am not wrong on 6th feb 2014. The price of 16 GB phone was 13999 and it will deliver in 7 days but if you pay 90 Rs for 1 day delivery the phone get deliver in 24 hours due to heavy demand of the Moto G phone flipkart's delivery parter was not able to deliver the product in 24 hours and it took approx 40 hours. Due to the inconvenience caused to the customer flipkart returned me 3 times of 90 Rs back which is 270 Rs and add on they sent me a surprise gift a bluetooth worth rupees 1199. Well what really impressed me is not the amount of 1199 nor the gift but the thing really impressed me was the apology letter which was hand written. It shows that how the customer satisfaction matters for flipkart that they do spare time to write an apology letter for their customer. 
 
Salute to flipkart owners you rule !!!! 
 
I am looking forward to be your long time customer and wishes you good luck for maintaining the same level of customer service as you do provide right now. 
 
Thank you for the surprise gift and more than that thank you for writing me a letter. 
 
Best wishes, 
Shridhar DaveThe Best under 14000, just buy it / or make a gamble with micomax.Hi all, 
I did lots of research and brought this product, 
buying or investing in electronics at 40k is utter waste , go far moto g , nice smartphone at grt price 
 
Pros after use . 
1. Excellent camera , better than my earlier note2... Like an iPhone 4S (very good). 
2. 16gb storage is enough , no problems ,it's fast... Don't buy 8gb as u need more space. 
3. Excellent build quality , gorilla glass 3, nano coating, super display 
4. Stock android Kitkat 4.2 and fast , dual sim( not use to me) 
5. Battery nearly 8 hrs ( i use wifi all the time , and play games ( smoothly) 
 
Cons : 
1.not much I may like a bigger battery as i am an earlier note 2 user which is monster in battery department . 
 
2. After sales support ( hopefully and mostly no need , now it's Lenovo ( i had awesome support for laptops hope it continues ), I am sure these Chinese players of world wide brand will do support well ...but not tested .... But based on reviews u wont have any issues at all, should be better than mmicromax / or same level ....other brands are waste below mmicromax.One Month with Moto G.A must buy phone if you are having a budget below 15k but want a nearly top notch performance which cell phones in the price point of nearly 25K provide. I am absolutely blown away by the performance of the phone. Absolutely lag free, fluid, beautiful. 
 
Pros : 
#The HD screen is just perfect. I cannot get this beautiful screen with Gorilla Glass 3 in this price point. Beautiful ! 
 
#Under the hood it packs a quard core Snapdragon 400 processor. Games like Asphalt 8, riptide GP, death trigger ran flawless !! Mindblowing !! 
 
#Near Vanilla Android &amp; Updates : I got the my Moto G on 14th Feb last month and on the same day i upgraded it to Kitkat from Jelly Bean. Well I didn't expect that speedy update. Seriously many Samsung and other phones I have heard are getting there updates now. The android that is running on it is near stock android. No cluttered UI's what will hog my processor. I am absolutely happy for this thinking of Motorola. Good Job. 
 
#The battery : The battery is really good. Lasted more than one day on a single charge on mixed use. 
 
#Others : Dual Sim is now a days common. Its a much needed feature for me. I am on Airtel now and it shows H+ which is something like 3.5G.The browing speeds are really very good on mobile network as well as wifi. 
 
Cons : 
 
# The storage is limited but I hardly go north of 10 GB. I am on the safe side as far as the limit is concerned. 
 
#The camera is a real let down, however I was not expecting that much from the camera. It' just OK. The real issue for me is the capture speed rather than the quality. 
 
#Web browsing in chrome is just a bit choppy, may be fixed in updates. 
 
Guys for just 14K you are really getting the bang for the buck phone. 
 
Motorola if you are listening through this review : If this is the type of phone you are gonna build from now onwards which gives value to the user, the features that humans out there really want, then MY NEXT PHONE WILL BE A MOTOROLA. 
 
Motorola you have not only lived upto the expectations but exceeded it with Moto G. Please keep it updated with the latest Google. Counting on you Moto Guys !! 
 
Moto G Rockxxxxxxxxx !! (y)MOTO G- a dream Phone.First of all thanks to Flipkart to make this smart smart phone available for us in India. 
 
In New year I was looking to change my old HTC chacha with new model after extensive research i zero down too 3 phones 
Lenovo P780 
Xperia SP 
and of course the Motorola Moto G. 
 
But my budget was around 15K as i am not huge fan of high value mobiles. 
 
After going through almost all review site all around the world i finally decide to buy Moto G only and nothing else. I was just waiting and waiting for my Phone to arrive. 
 
Finally the day come 5th February when filpkart decide to launch it on 6th midnight. 
 
I took no chance and buy it at 12 am only. My order receipt shows the timing of 12:00 am sharp at 6 feb. and by no means i went for In Day a guarantee delivery of Flipkart. 
 
Finally my product is deliver on 7 feb at around 15:00. 
 
To tell about the phone : 
It has every thing that a top end smart phone should have. 
excellent processor 
Ram 
Excellent display 
good protection in form of Gorilla glass 
and much more 
 
of-course there are few missing are there but that can be over look. 
 
Every one is very found of this phone from my office colleague to friends to family. 
 
The best things is my wife who using Samsung Glaxy 3 want to exchange this phone with her. But i said no coz i am loving it. 
 
Overall It is the best phone i ever brought.Too good!.The specs/pricing has, I'm sure, been discussed a lot already. No contest that this is a fantastic value for money. Let me focus on other aspects. 
 
I've used it for about 10 days now &amp; its been a really great experience. Very good display, I haven't gotten any protection for it, Its got no scratches plus the glass is so smooth ;) 
Very fast. One of the things people consistently mention when they try it out. Maybe its just bad experience with other budget phones, but performance is just too good. 
The screen size at 4.5 inches is quite good. Not too big that a single hand is not enough for most tasks but still big enough to actually do some work or watch a video. 
Dual SIM. Definitely an advantage for me since I have one dedicated for 3G. 
Battery life. I'm get all day battery life with about medium to high usage (emails/sms/bunch of apps/browsing/always on internet etc). 
Updated to Android 4.4. Seems to have improved the memory usage &amp; overall snappiness. 
Android has matured as a great platform. Great apps selection, actually paid for a couple of them. Yes, I can't believe it myself ;) 
 
My recommendations based on your budget... 
less than 10k get a lumia 520/525 
10-25K get Moto G (you could get nexus 5 for about 24K if you have someone in US) 
&gt;25K get nexus 5 
 
Have a great one!My review after using for 2 weeks.I have received my new MOTO G 16gb. The packing made by flipkart is really superb. 
 
   1) HD screen.... Retina screen...clarity is better than iphone 5 
   2) high speed quad core processor....no lag while operating 
   3) Battery backup is really good ( 1.5 days on heavy usage) 
   4) 12.9 gb of internal storage.... good enough for my usage 
   5) Camera (both front ,rear) are really good.. but if you compare with nokia lumia then its OK.. 
   6) call quality is good..but not the best 
   7) dual Sim 
   8) Android kit kat update is awesome 
The only drawback is the earphones provided by motorola are too worst.... they can be used to just attend calls...but not for music... 
 
I am completely satisfied with this phone...if they have provided a better quality earphones then it would be the best phone.... 
 
for a person who requires a dual Sim 3g mobile with hd screen, decent camera, high speed operation, then Moto g is the right choice.... 
 
some of the features like camera and call quality are above average and all the remaing are the best... so I believe Moto g is worth buying .... please try to buy only 16 gb because u can get 12.9 gb of storage... if you buy 8gb version u get only 5gb and it is not expandable....Good Smartphone Worth Every Penny.I wanted to replace my aging android 2.3 based fone and narrowed it on Moto G 16GB based on the reviews. I never wanted to buy the so called &quot;flagship models&quot; that cost a bomb for customers, but peanuts to the manufacturer. 
 
My priorities were zero lag, great touch experience, no bloatware, stock android, solid build quality &amp; great battery back up. Thank you Motorola, you gave me all i wished plus the Corning Gorilla 3 glass as well. 5/5 in that aspect. 
 
Packaging was excellent. I got a latest one which came with motorola factory sealed box, with headset and charger. For those who crib about not having a data cable, but a decent one. You already got a hell of a deal 
 
Now for the performance since last 3 days 
- Touch - Smooth, Responsive, Efficient with zero lags similar to my Nexus 7 tablet 
- Display - Best in breed clarity and brightness at all angles and outdoors. Par with the flagship phones. No bleeding at edges 
- Sound - Call Clarity- Speakers are load and clear and Call Clarity is good as well. 
-Camera - I would say a decent performer at 5MP. Do not expect SLR quality stuff from a mobile camera given the small lens profile . 
-OS - My phone was factory shipped with Android Kitkat 4.4.2 and no need to update the firmware 
-Battery- Super. Charged it 100% 3 days back. Currently battery @24% 2days 16hrs since last charge, that too after App downloads via Wifi &amp; 2G, fone calls, Video playbacks and conversations 
 
Verdict : This 14k phone will never disappoint you. Buy it with your eyes closed. 
 
Flipkart Service : Hats off to Flipkart for pulling off such a feat never done in India, given the great demand. I also got a replacement phone in 3 days in exchange for a defective piece i received earlier.Moto G - Motorola with Respect !!!.No wonder it's sold out....u all know the specs.....so no point discussing it here... 
I will just note down few things about how it actually feels in hand....for the enthusiast buyers... 
 
Look - Premium, unlike other phones in this range which offer plastic bodies...(I am not using the word cheap plastic...just for decency) 
Display - IPS panel with 720*1280 resolution....it's crisp,,, real crisp....better than Samsung Grand (may be in LG phones u will get similar displays...I am not sure) 
Corning Gorilla Glass 3 - it really does what it says....I doubt u will find this in a phone at this range 
Noise cancellation - Secondary mic for noise cancellation 
 
What u need to know (let me tell u,, I am not describing any con).... 
The images taken by my Lumia 620 (similar camera specs) are better when compared to Moto G.....especially in low light,,, I think Lumia stands out.... 
 
TIP: Enable Developer Option: Settings &gt; About Phone &gt; Build number (Tap the build number 7 times) 
U are now a developer and have full access to the huge developer options menu, but use cautionOne Word - Awesome ! MOTO G ROCKS.The phone is perfectly awesome . I've purchased 16gb and you can download as many apps as you can . Now please don't compare this phone from Nexus or other brand . Please check out the other range of products in this budget you will never get this type of product . If you really need a better phone please increase your budget then compare from other phones . 
Everyone is talking about Micro SD card slot or Blah Blah . So for those they are providing cloud memory . You can add multiples accounts and in every account you can add minimum 15gb as per normal and they are providing on 1 accounts + 50gb and they if you're using two you accounts you have 96 gb and i don't think anyone needs it ! So stop cribbing about 
 
Camera quality is a lil but issue in night only in day light its outstanding . But for me I've SLR for clicking pictures even I've never used my phone for clicking picture . its very rare 
 
Batter Back up - You can't even imagine I've charged 93 % and 5 hours non stop downloading on wifi network + 3hours normal usage . Its still 20% . Not even Nokia can give you this much battery back up 
 
MAIN ISSUE IS RAM YOU HAVE ONLY 1 GB . IF YOU'RE MULTI TASKER YOU NEED ALL THE APPS RUNNING IN THE BACKGROUND . A BIG NO FOR THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE 550 RAM REQUIRES FOR PHONE PROCESSING . YOU CAN USE ANY APP BUT IF YOU'RE KEEP RUNNING IT WILL BE SLOW . 
 
Rest is perfectly I really recommend this product only in this range 
MOTO G ROCKSIndian Nexus 4.After buying this phone , I did not open my laptop for 2 days. My previous phone was a scrap from a seven -alphabet company which used to hang six times per ten and lag the other four. 
I am more than happy to buy and use this one. 
Here are the points I liked in this phone: 
Display- 329 ppi with IPS display equals the retina display. GG3 is bonus feature at this price. 
Battery &ndash;2070 is enough for moderate users to run 2 days and heavy users for 1 day. 
Processor &ndash; quad core processors phones are plenty &ndash; but not much in this range. Benchmark reviews show that it can beat some of the high end phones like nexus 4 or htc one x in most of the competition 
Kitkat &ndash; ok google is another bonus feature to have. It does not work as smooth as Samsung s3 but it does not suck. 
Usb otg &ndash; It was great to use my pen drive with my phone as an external hard drive. Also I was able to use a mouse with this phone &ndash; although it is not necessary. In jellybean copy from pen drive to phone was possible but phone to pendrive was not, it was fixed with the kitkat update. 
Camera &ndash; was much poor in the jellybean, it has improved in the kitkat but still it is an okay camera. 
Waterproof &ndash;I prefer not to drop my phone in water but wish I would not need extra precautions in the rain. 
Music &ndash; not much of a music device. 
Dual SIM &ndash; well, all I can say is that Google has done its research before designing this phone. 
 
Google is solely relying on the software service for the profit of Moto g selling in this price tag. While its big brother Moto X (which has got some aces in the hole) is being sold at 24k the price of little Moto G is fair enough.Very good handset and very good service by WS Retail. Awesome..It is price worthy gadget. Which can compete with High-end devices in speed and response. No hanging or screen freezing if multiple apps run at a time without crossing RAM limit. 
From my point of view. 
Pros when compared to other phones at this range are, HD display, scratch-proof corning gorilla glass 3, extra mic for noise cancellation, processor, better GPU, premium build quality, long lasting battery, reasonable RAM, latest android OS available i.e., KitKat 4.4.2, quick OS updates in future, OTG support which allow us to use pen-drive and memory card using card reader via USB to micro-USB converter, replaceable colorful back shell, last and the best its has NANO-COATING, make it water proof to very good extent. 
 
Cons are 
Call quality is not great, expected clear voice reception but head phone solves that issue, Camera is decent but can be improved by motorola with future updates if they really care about it, no expandable memory card slot but OTG-support can solve that partially, just a decent head phones(we can buy a good head set which is phone independent). 
International version handset is provided only with a data cable but we get all things other than that. Cons are weighed very less when we keep it against the pros and price. 
 
NIZAM SAHARAA Must Have.Bought the Nokia Lumia 620 from Flipkart in August 2013. Hated it from day 1, and it made my life miserable. Felt like flinging it every day so user unfriendly and useless it was slow, sticky, hanging from time to time, display flickering. Tech savvy as I was, I could not get the hang of it even after 8 months. Simple operations like making a call required 3 to 4 touches. Battery has to be charged twice a day. 
 
Bought the Moto G a week ago again from Flipkart. Phone was delivered on day 3. I was not available the first day, so they called and fixed time on the second day, and delivered it at the exact time fixed. Impressive. 
 
Enjoying every minute with the moto-G. The 4.5 inch display fits perfectly in the palm for one hand operation. Any larger and that would not have been possible. Android Kitkat (out of the box) is an amazing software. The phone is fast, fluid and sings when you touch it. Never a dither. It is so user friendly that I had it up and running in 30 secs flat and using it like an expert within an hour. Transferring the contacts from the Lumia to the Moto was just a case of exporting the outlook.com contacts as a csv file and importing them into a separate Gmail account that I had set up for the purpose and which I use as my account for the phone. The camera with HDR enabled takes great photos. The speaker volume is great. Cloudskipper makes an ideal music player (Google player sucks) and the sound is great. The FM Radio adds zing to the music experience. The incoming calls are crystal clear and the phone picks up even the weakest of signals both Mobile network and wifi. Battery with power saving enabled lasts me two full days and that is a relief. The Email app with push mail is amazing and I can access 3 different accounts. Switching to silent mode is as easy as pressing a button, and into aeroplane mode as easy as swiping the notification screen. The factory widgets are useful and the direct call widget is a boon that has enabled me to set up speed dialling to 10 contacts from the home screen. The browsing is good with Opera Browser (not mini or classic) with large font and word wrapping that makes reading webpages easy. Chrome sucks. Moto assist is a fantastic app that leaves you in peace when you are sleeping or in a meeting, yet making sure that your favourites can reach you. Factory loaded quick office makes carrying a tablet redundant. 
 
This piece of techno-art is on par with the much more expensive Samsung Galaxy S 5, and Sony Xperia SP or Z1 and even the iPhone 5. Really value for money. Let's see how it holds up with use.Great performer with good battery life and pleasing display...The display is one of the best thing of this phone.. Even the flagship phones like Samsung note 2 doesn't match its.. Both Samsung Note 2 and Moto G have HD displays (1280x720) , but since Moto g has 4.5inch display as compared to Note's 5.5inch, it has higher PPI and hence, looks very sharp.. Even the build quality is very nice.. 
It has a quad core 1.2 ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor which is pretty ridiculous 
considered the price range where most of the tier 1 companies only offer dual core processor.. The only companies offering quad core processor are micromax, karbonn and Xolo which are not tier 1 compainies.. It easy handles multitasking and one will hardly notice any lag.. Moreover the adreno 305 GPU can handle any game which is present in the play store.. 
1GB of RAM will be sufficient for most of the time and since it can be upgraded to kitkat 4.4.2, it requires even less system requirements.. 
As of date, it is running android 4.4.2 kitkat where most of the phones are stilling running 4.1 or 4.2 and motorola is gonna roll out guaranteed updates.. 
Enen if you are a touchwiz, timescape or sense lover, the stock android launcher would be a joy to use.. 
Now camera, 5MP rear and 1.3MP front facing are ok.. Nothing topnotch but does decent job.. 
Battery will easy last you a day with medium usage and even one and a half days with low usage.. No complains.. 
UPSIDE: EVERTHING except camera... it completes with 20k phones of HTC, Samsung and Sony and even beats them in most of the departments 
DOWNSIDE: only downside is its camera.. could hav been better.. 
 
Verdict: If you are looking for a good phones under 20k then must consider it.. Great value for money..&gt;&gt;&gt; BANG FOR THE BUCK..!!...* So, this is my review after exactly 1 month of dedicated use... I got my Moto G delivered by 25th Feb'14... 
* Happy to see that the decade old mobile leader 'Motorola' with the likes of Moto Razr, Moto Yuva, Moto Rokr, L7 re-entering India with a bang. 
* Not mentioning the specs as I guess most of u are aware of it by now. 
*Jumping off 2 the Pros &amp; Cons --- 
 
&gt;&gt; PrOs : 
 
1. DISPLAY - &quot;&quot;Top notch IPS-LCD HD 4.5&quot; screen that too with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 at this price point. Looks like a single piece mirror finished glass. The touch sensitivity is a gem too. A big thumbs up... !!&quot;&quot; (10/10) 
 
2. GOOD QUALITY PROCESSOR AND OK GPU - &quot;&quot;1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 / Quad Core and Adreno 305 / 450 MHz Single Core. Can perform on anything u throw at it, be the Full HD videos or high octane games like Asphalt 8, Modern Combat...etc&quot;&quot; (9/10) 
 
3. MEMORY/RAM - &quot;&quot;1GB. Nevers slows down your Moto G on multiple app uses. Consider using Clean Master for even more optimisation on RAM usage.&quot;&quot; (9/10) 
 
4. LOUD SPEAKERS - &quot;&quot;The external speaker on Moto G is one of the clearest &amp; loudest speakers seen on branded (not the cheap chinese ones) smartphones&quot;. (10/10) 
 
5. GOOD FRONT CAMERA - &quot;&quot;Sharp and clear 1.3 MP front camera is best at its purpose on Skype and selfies when other brands are providing VGA cams&quot;&quot;.(9/10) 
 
6. USB OTG - &quot;&quot;The USB OTG (USB On-The-Go) function in Moto G lets u connect pendrives and external drives in 'FAT32' format using an OTG cable or direct (in case of OTG pendrives) through the micro-usb port. U can't see this option on most Samsung phones costlier than Moto G. (9.5/10) 
 
7. ANDROID 4.4.2 KIT-KAT - &quot;&quot;Last but not the least, the latest android update on Moto G boasts up some features and improvements over the ongoing Jelly-Bean version on 90% of the android smartphones out in the market&quot;&quot;. (10/10) 
 
8. BATTERY BACKUP - &quot;I get a backup of nearly a day on all tym wifi-on and frequent net browsing with some bit of media. 
 
&gt;&gt; CoNs : 
 
1. CALL QUALITY - &quot;&quot;The biggest fault i felt on Moto G is its very average on the call voice quality. If u have used any Nokia phone before, u can easily recognise the difference. But this should not be a problem, if you are not into too much of voice calling when this is the age of Whatsapp and WeChat. Handsfree is always an option&quot;&quot; (5.5/10) 
 
2. EXTERNAL STORAGE - &quot;&quot;The limited storage capacity in Moto G is an issue for few. 8GB will be little low for a smartphone with good performance specs as u would love to try some hardcore games and full hd movies which take up space. 16GB should be ok for most when there is an option for USTB OTG...&quot;&quot; (7/10) 
 
3. CHEAP IN-THE-BOX ACCESSORIES - &quot;&quot;The charger and earphones provided are of below average quality. The charger heats up a lot while charging the mobile. And about the earphones; i have kept it back in the box... Again u have the option to get a new pair of quality earphones and can use any other nokia/samsung micro-usb charger or get a new one '5V / 750mA-1.3A' .. &quot;&quot; (4/10) 
 
* Conclusion is, u can't get any better than this at this very competitive and affordable price point. 
* Click on 'Buy Now' immediately if u have not bought it yet.... :) .. 
 
&gt;&gt; THANKS....Moto G.Initially I was disappointed by Flipkart.com because of delay in delivery, because of the product being out of the stock, but the moment I received my phone and opened it my disappointment started to shed away like dark clouds after the heavy rain. 
 
Since the usage of my phone began I have never been in trouble regarding the gadget at least. 
A decent battery back up and all the latest features and add to it the option of upgrading my OS Version to Kitkat (though its not much of a difference than Jelly Bean). 
 
I nice camera and sound quality is really good. RAM has never troubled me in any which ways either playing games or watching videos or multiple applications running parallel. 
 
An appropriate size for the pocket and good features overall. 
 
I would give 8/10 if some one asks my opinion. 
 
2 Marks cut because of less number of shortcuts availability on the home screen, and above all less number of color options for the body as the colored body covers are above Rs. 800 had this option been provided....then its a way to go for the phone. 
 
In short a perfect phone under the Price Slab. 
 
M loving it ...... :)Moto G - 16 GB - Dual Sim - Excellent Product for an unmatched price!.I had placed an order with Flipkart after the 'Tatkal' rush had depleted their stock for Moto G 16GB. However, Flipkart does do a good job of delivering items in Good condition. As this is a product review, I restrict myself to review of Moto G 16GB Dual Sim, which I received in pristine condition. 
 
OS &amp; Performance 
This handset from Motorola/Google has good build quality as usual and feels solid in hand. 
Within 48 hrs., I got the KitKat update! which went smooth... more on that later. 
 
Memory available is around 12GB for users. RAM is sufficient for all purposes... 
 
The handset has not hung till date, no matter what I try to install. 
 
Phone call clarity is very good. Speaker sound output too is very good. 
 
Video calling apps like Skype work perfectly. The front/secondary cam is very good for video chat. 
 
Display is great. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 is definitely a plus. 
 
Camera functions are good and the video too is smooth. 
But somehow lacks to set the ISO, which my Moto DefyXT can using Apps like Cameral FV-5. 
I feel Motorola could have put an 8MP camera instead of a 5MP one.. could have enhanced the quality of still photos, even if the price went slightly up into the 15000 range. 
 
Though Moto G comes with a bare-bone Anroid device which reduces blotware.. I miss Motorola stock apps like Dashboard. 
 
The Kit Kat Update: Although the Kit Kat update was smooth, after the update, the handset seems to have developed some issue with Bluetooth transfers. Bluetooth transfers fail for sending data above 5/6 mb. could vary from piece to piece... No other glitch has come to my notice yet. 
 
I suggest new users spend more time with the Jelly Bean version and then move on to Kit Kat if and only if all issues are resolved... which Google might eventually/hopefully. 
 
Overall a good handset in this price..got it!!! finally!! woohooo....i tried to order 16gb MotoG on Feb 6, mid night, but dint get it. i waited and i booked it on feb 7. FK promised shipment in 10-20 days. feb 12 (within a week) its been shipped and bluedart delivered by feb 15. GREAT SERVICE and i cant resist saying it, after all the sticks &amp; stones Motorola and FK recieved in past few days because of a few hot heads and impatients. 
 
well, this is my first smartphone. earlier i used a samsung guru :P. so my comments about MotoG might feel very lenient to most of you. I am not here to review the product because 1000s of people have already analysed the pros and cons of MotoG which im also a beneficiary. I am writing this after experiencing 3hrs with my MotoG and its already my favourite pal :D i can only compare its display and performance with my friends' xperia, canvas and grand 2, and I'm telling you guys, ITS RIGHT UP THERE WITH ALL OF THEM,especially the display, better than all of them. UI is quick &amp; fantastic, lots of apps pre-installed, browsing speed superb, dual-sim active working cool, ANDROID 4.4 KitKat received right on first start-up; (and im not a gaming guy, so) cant ask for more.! 
 
With all these positives flying, people expect all other aspects also to be over the mark, for example, CAMERA. i did a my fair share of research and 5MP primary camera and 1.3MP secondary camera is GOOD, not average, but slightly above it. Though picture quality is average, and when i say average, i say FOR THE PRICE RANGE. Still i get positives for camera as video recording gives GOOD HD quality. no complaints unless i planned to buy a camera, not a phone. 
 
some other complaints about the product i read was about the in-box accessories.I received motorola charger and a motorola headset. To be frank, i dint expect more. I dont think anyone should. The company is providing a mesmerizing phone of great value and people concerning with in-box accessories is simply hurting in Motorola's perspective. And mind you, I'm not one of them, im writing this in my perspective. 
 
I'm a bit concerned with the non-removable battery though, what happens if it gets damaged after a year? should i get a new phone? what could be the probability of damage to the battery? i guess i'll deal it then :/ 
 
no concerns over external memory slot absence as 50GB Google Drive storage was readily redeemed for free. 
 
Weighing up my experiences, its a no-brainer 5 STAR for MotoG and a thumbs up to FK for quality sales managing.Best phone under 20k at the time of Writing this.This is hands down the best phone money can buy withing 20k budget, in India. I knew about moto G since it was released in the US and I was eagerly waiting for this product to launch in India. On the very first lot of the first day I booked 16GB version and I was lucky to grab one that soon. Flipkart delivered it on time. 
 
I've bought this phone for my Dad. Since he's upgrading from an old Nokia feature phone I pretty much figured out that 5 inch phablet wasn't going to do well in his hands. It takes some time to get used to large sized products. Also, my dad travels a lot and good battery life was also a requirement. I support Indian brands, but to be honest there is no product offered by Indian manufacturer which satisfied Small Size + Awesome Screen + Good battery life criteria. 
 
Then the Moto G was released. It really does make difference for such a competitive phone to be offered by such a well known brand. Indian brands are good but we keep seeing customers' gripes every day. 
 
Anyways I'll shortlist the Pros. 
1. Very good, sharp display with nice color reproduction and phenomenal viewing angles. 
2. Nice battery life. 
3. Very good screen to size ratio making the overall phone look smaller than other phones with similar screen size. 
4. Acceptable camera quality. 
5. Android 4.4 Kitkat (Yes! it's released) 
6. USB OTG support (Yeah, it works even after KitKat) 
7. Good, smooth buttery performance.Best in its class.I was among the ones who ordered Moto G on flipkart the first day. After using it for a month, I am still very happy with the phone. Here are my takes on some of the performance parameters: 
 
Battery: For medium usage, (2 sims active, browsing on 3G, not a lot of games) I usually get by with 30% charge remaining at the end of the day. Score: 5/5 
 
Display: Pixel density is higher than almost all the phones in the range of 12k to 16k range. Score: 4.5 / 5 
 
Performance: The phone got stuck a couple of times. But this is common to almost every android device. The problem mostly resolved after installing a task manager. Score: 4/5 
 
Camera: Acceptable, but leaves a lot to be desired. Photography indoors, particularly at low light is not great. However, I feel it is still a bargain because of the price. Score: 3/5 
 
Ruggedness: Using the phone without any screenguard / cover. As expected with Gorilla Glass 3, no scratches on the screen. I have dropped the phone a couple of times. No damage except a few scratches on the back cover. Score: 4/5 
 
Speaker: Speaker Volume is pretty good. However, I feel there are better in the category. Score: 4/5 
 
Customer Support: The Motorola customer support via chat is great. However, at times, particularly in the night, I got connected to the US customer support. They decline to help you once they know you bought the phone in India. Score: 4/5 
 
Android 4.4: It seems the version for Moto G is a little stripped down version. Some of the features (like translucent menu buttons, which are available in Moto G only on the home screen) are probably not available 
 
Overall: 4/5Neat and Clean, hats off! Those who are doubtful in choosing this phone read this before you make a decision..Hi all, 
Got a good experience shopping MOTO G from Flipkart, used it a day and here is my review. 
 
Ordering, delivery: 
Ordered MOTO G 16 GB variant on Feb 28 and received on March 1, the very next day!! Amazing delivery!! Thanks Flipkart!! (I live in Pondicherry and phone got shipped from Bangalore through Flipkart's logistics, Cash of Delivery) 
 
Opening the Box: 
Sealed with Motorola tape, Imported : Feb 2014 
The box contains the phone (black) , white color Charger, white color headset, warranty booklet, start up guide. (No USB cable) 
[The international models are shipped with only USB cable but the Indian version ships instead the Charger which is actually better because we tend to use the charger often than the USB cable.] 
 
Feel of the phone, accessories: 
My old phone is HTC One V which has a rock solid aluminium body and comparing to it the build is not bad! 
It is a decent build, and solid than most other phones. 
11.6 mm thick but since it has a nice curved back it gives an illusion as if it is less than 9mm. 
Lengthy charger (nearly1.5 metres) and looks sturdy. Output: 5V , 550mA. 
Light weight headphones with comfy length wires and mic positioning but fails to give good sound quality when listening to music but its not a problem when speaking. 
 
Starting the phone: 
Beautiful Boot animation and the moment you see it you can recognize its superior image quality with 326ppi pixel density spread over 4.5 in screen. Android 4.3 Jelly Bean is the stock OS, automatically asked for upgrading to 4.4 KitKat but as for now I didnt upgrade as the KitKat has few bugs hence I will wait until they are fixed. Though its annoying to snooze the auto reminder to upgrade to KitKat every now and then. 
(If you check the option to automatically download your old apps then all the apps you have installed in your old android will be again download into this too) 
 
Up and going: 
The phone is smooth and I rarely see any lag, Installed moderate graphics game like World of Goo, Ski Safari and worked without any lag. Can clearly see the speed of the processor when compared to my old phone. 
No bloatwares and yet you get apps like Google Books, Google's Play movies etc. inbuilt which cannot be uninstalled. 
12.9 GB usable out of 16 GB. 
Good battery backup, lasted a day with heavy usage -&gt; few loudspeaker music playback, wifi connected over 2 hours. 
Very good quality video, loudspeaker is nice and loud. 
Trust me , you will not like the camera if you have used other brands. The quality is like cheap China make phones when captured indoors but when in outdoor lighting it produces ok images. For 14 K I should have got a better quality but considering the other specs I think its ok to lose Camera quality. If you like to take a lot of pics then this is not a phone for you, choose cheap Lumia 525 instead or wait for Xperia M2. 
 
Bottomline: 
Best deal for 14 K. Premium looks and build, Quadcore processor with 1 GB RAM and a Brilliant Display for just 14 K Rupees!! 
This is what I need!! :DWorth more than the price !!!.I bought the 16GB version of Moto G. 
 
This phone, without any doubt, easily beats all its counterparts with its features and price as well. 
All the specs are truly amazing. 
The features like IPS LCD display, Android KitKat, 1.2 GHz Quad core processor, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 etc. for such an unbelievable price from a highly trusted brand like Motorola tells you what a beast this phone is. 
The 4.5 inch HD screen is something which you would not take your eyes off. 
The gaming graphics and overall performance are stunning ! 
 
Now being human, next up is finding faults ! 
In my opinion, three things which I felt that could have made this phone even better are its battery, a memory card slot and an in-the-box USB data cable. 
A battery of around 2500 mAh would have made it more perfect. 
But considering what else Motorola provides, I believe most of the users can compromise on these things ! 
 
And what remains is a special mention to Flipkart's service and delivery. 
When I was ordering the product on Wednesday evening, the status was just &quot;Stock will be available soon&quot;. 
But to my surprise, they shipped the phone the same night and I got it before Friday noon. 
That is incredibly great service and the packing was also excellent. 
Million thanks for your service !!!Satisfaction 90% guaranteed.What Normal user want:- 
1) 4.5 crystal clear HD screen - 100% satisfaction 
2) Hard built and with strong protective Gorilla glass - 100% satisfaction 
3) Stylish and soft shiny edged finishing - 100% satisfaction 
4) Battery life - 90% satisfaction 
5) Camera &amp; video quality - 90% satisfaction 
6) speaker quality-100% satisfaction (Clear sound with no distortion even in huge traffic sound) 
7)Dual sim - 95% satisfaction (5% less because it supports only GSM) 
 
What Gamer want:- 
1) 4.5 HD screen - 100% satisfaction 
2) Speed 1.2 GHz Quad core- 100% satisfaction (Fast and smooth touch which gives you a rich look) 
3) Graphics Adreno 305, 450 MHz Single Core-85% satisfaction (at this cot i have seen better quality graphics) 
4) Battery- 70% satisfaction (One should plug and play if he's a gaming freak) 
5) No Heating Issues- 95% satisfaction (I played for more than 2 and half hours i felt the heat dissipation is very little which is way far better than any other mobile..trust me) 
6) Multitasking-100% satisfaction (Kudos) 
7) Ear Phones-20% (So delicate and cheap) 
8)Game Engine- 100% satisfaction (Hell Yeah, install any game and play) 
 
What a Mobile Freak want:- 
1) A Google Product - 100% satisfaction (Guaranteed Updates) 
2) 4.5 HD screen-100% satisfaction 
3) Endless applications-100% satisfaction 
4)speaker quality(Hardware) - 85% satisfaction (Less sound compared to other mobiles  with similar price) 
5) Camera - 85% satisfaction ( It is actually good and getting regular updates from Motorola..i have seen a very good improvement so far) 
6) Battery Life - 85% satisfaction (I am using very extensively, so battery comes for less than 1 day for me) 
 
*The above statistics mentioned may vary according to your usage and the climate you live. But for me , it is the best phone so far i have ever seen at this price..If you are really tempted to buy this master piece...trust me, go for it. It will become your permanent love with no regrets.Go For it.Folks, I love my phone! I feel it is a cool gadget. Great value for money. Everyone in my circle agreed that it looks like a premium phone and not a 14k phone...and it feels great in hand. 
Now getting to specifics, most of us (not counting the gadget enthusiasts) use a smart phone for a set of common applications that we are all aware of. And all those applications are available on this phone because it is Android KitKat and gives access to awesome Google products. I dont play games on phone so I am not worried about the power of the processor. But for these common applications, the phone runs really smooth! 
I feel I am carrying an evolved gadget! 
 
I dont need a 10mp camera, so I am happy with the shots Moto G cam gives for 5mp. Obviously it cant match upto iPhone or many other premium phones but I don't feel handicapped or I am missing a moment...this camera manages to capture all those moments. 
 
Plus there is water resistance too...its not waterproof, but will not die in a slight drizzle. 
 
So go for it! Cant get better than this!Moto G(16GB) Awesome phone no time lag and flipkart service too good.ThI ordered moto G 16GB on saturday 05/04/2014 after noon at that time it was showing that product will be delivered on 14th but flipkart delivered it to me on monday 7th aftr noon. Flipkart is very fast and awesome and product is even well packed.Thanks. 
 
Thanks Flipkart for wonderfull service i ordered phn on 05/04/14 in d eveningn at that time showing delivery date 14th but got this on 07/04/14 . amazing. nicely packed also 
 
 
About phone: 
MOTOROLA - A GOOGLE COMPANY this message appears when you switch on this phone. good 
 
1. Dual Sim phone. Got android 4.4 kitkat latest. Box comes with handset, charger and headset. 
2. Usable memory got 11.95 GB out of 16 GB. No expandable memory slot and doest need one coz 12 GB is enough. 
3. Processing speed too gud, no time lag in switching b/w screens or opening software.very smooth touch. 
4. Built quality of phone is also very gud and back covers can be changed and comes in various colours. Battery cannot be removed from phone. 
5. Excellent pixel quality HD screen much better than any samsung phn under 20k price 
6. Camera 5mp back with LED flash and 1.3mp front camera with slow motion video capture also . Camera pic quality is Vgud in day light but not gud in dark (night) but i dont use phn as camera so am satisfied. But if someone who mainly uses phn for camera clicks dont buy it u will be dis appointed while clicking in night. 
7. Battery back up is very gud 
 
If someone wants me to rate this product i will give 4.7/5 and this phn is best under 20k and far better than samsung (having hang problem and slow), micromax(poor after sales service) or sony(price too much). Even for same hardware configuration as Moto G, Samsung and Sony are charging too much high price.Flipkart a BIG WASTE and PAIN to Customer.So you wait for days and go to buy 16GB Moto G, add to cart, click for payment and suddenly the mobile disappers from cart and only case available. So much hype and a big waste management which handled the lauch..It is so frustrating that I am not going to buy unless the same offer comes else better to buy from other e-commerc site/ shop whenever it comes..I feel cheated..Flipkart is a WASTE..Moto G simply fantastic and awesome,thanks to flip kart for delivered it within 3 days..I got this mobile on 3 rd day of booking.when i saw it was like awesome fantastic fabulous no words to express to my feeling.really excellent to have it.i thought flipkart will deliver after 7 days but actually it was delivered less than the said time to me.i booked it through customer care executive i asked executive for assurance of delivery with in 3 days.he made it.fantastic i thank the executive first of all.everybody should buy this mobile and have fun of it.i am very happy with the mobile.low price but worth to buy it.If any body say it as waste of money they are nothing but moreon's. buy it enjoy it.once again i thank flipkart .good job done by flipkart thq.poor durability of its screen.i got this product and in only 3 days it got broken .by mistake it got slipped from my hand just from about 2.5 feet and its screen got a big crack on it i never expected that its durability is so low every thing on screen is working just there is a big crack on it .so i want to tell it to all buyers of this product that be careful while using it coz its screen in not that good protected ..Good Budget Phone - Faced Power On Issue.I got my Phone Delivered on 10th so Thanks for Timely Delivery. 
Phone First Appearance was quiet Impressive for the first time Phone switched on but when I tried to switch on the Phone second time but I was not able to do. I tried various other chargers as well as through USB but none of them worked. 
I searched on Internet for various solutions but none of them worked. I was thinking to contact Customer Care Next Morning. 
In the Midnight i gave myself a try and decided to charge phone again and hushhhhhhhh this time I got success, I was able to charge phone and charged it full as the battery was completely drained. 
Then after I am having no issues with phone, everything is superb and found lucky to have good budget phone under my belt. 
 
I have searched Internet regarding the issue and it seems like number of users have faced this issue and i have come to conclusion that never ever have your phone to 0% charge so keep your phone charged on regular basis. 
 
Rest Everything is OK.The must know for Moto G.got my phone using it...loving it. 
 
cut short to alsi baat. 
 
pros that matters... 
 
* Looooong battery life. (srsly never seen a anroid last that long. and battery saver works  amazing) 
* Look and Feel. PREMIUM, you will love it for everything else. 
* Connectivity. never saw my 2g run as my 3g do 
* Screen. you will never wanna watch video on your laptop again. (gorilla glass) 
 
cons. 
*Quality of peripherals, headphones. i cant use such plastic feel ones with such beautiful phone. threw it out and used skull candy instead. 
*Packaging, the phone is low priced and it shows. The packaging was below average and they didn't gave a USB cord dont know whom to complain. wired charger is so in the past. 
*Radio strength. well it works fine if you sit at a place, but radio is meant to be heard on the move. 
*Camera. yes it sucks, but not always. you can get some amazing results from this phone if the lighting is right. 
 
At Last.. WORTH THE PRICE&gt; better than Grand.Very Expensive spares of Moto G.I had purchased Moto G 16 GB on 21 st Feb 14. After one week my phone fell down and front glass broke. I am surprised on the phone quality as you know phones often fell down so it means glass breakage every time. I tried 2-3 service center for glass repair but failed . The front glass is not available in any service center . The worst part is the front glass costing shared by service center is alarmingly high. The appox price shared by service center is Rs.5000/- which 37 % of phone cost. I am extremely disappointed on service and spares cost.Don't blame FlipKart ... It's worth waiting for such an exceptional device.I was not able to get the 16GB version. However I don't blame FlipKart for that. I think these kind of situations happen on the day of launch, partly because the initial buying pattern hints to the demand of the entity, so maybe now they know that Moto-G has got a huge demand in the market. I am sure FlipKart will follow a very professional approach in dealing with this situation. If I were to blame anyone... i'll blame the device itself... it's so damn' exceptional ;) that it sold out within an hour, it's worth waiting for another day or two. But yeah I do expect the same offer. 
 
Congratulations FlipKart (on clinching this big deal) and Good Luck for future :)Budget Problem ? -One solution !.First of all let see Pros. and Cons. 
 
Pros. 
&bull;	Looks sexy 
&bull;	Upgrades of 4.4 
&bull;	Price 
&bull;	Sharp screen like Nexus devices (Also you can&rsquo;t believe that it can play 1080p HD videos) 
&bull;	Sound is fine 
Aur kya loge yaar 14k me 
Cons. 
&bull;	16 GB (12.9 Gb) you can understand. 
&bull;	Give some lags after upgrade into 4.4 
&bull;	1 GB RAM (890 MB) is not enough for gamers 
&bull;	Power and volume button feels cheap and loose 
&bull;	Battery is same like other Android devices ,don&rsquo;t be fool to see 2000mah 
&bull;	Camera 
Note- If you are happy with 4.3 (Jellybean) then this device is best for you really you feel experience like Nexus DevicesAwsome product.I ordered the 16GB version from FK on Feb-24th around 11AM, and I received it on 27th 12 noon. I am from Bangalore. 
 
The box contain the mobile, charger, earphone.and user manual. The battery was 50% charged when I switched it on. 
It took 1 hr 45 mins (12.35 to 2.20PM,) to charge from 47% to 100%. 
The first feel and experience is awsome. I did not put a SIM yet... I have no complaints to say at the moment. 
Camera is faster than other high cost phones with 8MB running on android JB 4.1. 
Comes with Google Launcher, the most effective launcher until now, I had it installed on my old phone too to get rod of battery drain (evenif it is in Airplane mode, it was getting discharged at night).... 
Overall, very worthy phone that you can get for 14K... and is better than other high end phones.in many aspects 
Not tested the sound clarity... will update if I find any significant details to share, 
I give 5 stars for the product. ofcourse, needless to say, FK delivery is 5 star too...Nice Feeling..Overall quite pleased with myself on this buy. I have tried only few of its features as yet in the 1 month from getting my phone. Battery life is quite good. My unhappiness is with the contacts not having birthdays and anniversaries entries facility. As I don't use gmail much and don't sync with google account, this was important for me. Using the calendar is also not possible without syncing with some account. I hope there is an update to this soon. I migrated my contacts from older phone using vcf file import. Similarly, setting custom alarms and ringtones is not so easily done. The everyday use phone calls, smses, internet are quite good. Camera is not bad. Ah! FM radio not on phone speakers is not OK really. 
I had a Motorala flip touchscreen, I think A800, phone which I really liked &amp; so motorola always had a good opinion from me. I also had the Motorazr which quite unfortunately got stolen. Though MotoG is not really motorola anymore, still there is affinity to it.The best phone you can get!.Motorola has retenerted the indian market with a bang!!! 
 
Love the new MOTO G! 
Pros: 
1. 4.5&quot; Screen with Gorilla Glass (No Indian Phone Maker gives this at this price) 
2. 1.2 GHz Quad Core Processor (Adreno 305 plays games awesomely!!) 
3. 720 P Reso Dislay with a good 300+ ppi density 
4. Awesome design with some cool colours to add 
5. Very good battery life. Way better than the cheap batteries offered by mmx and karbonn 
6. 5MP Camera (Though its juz 5, it feels like it is 8) and a front camera too!! 
7. Guyz, its motorola. So no cheap plastic and design. Ex-Google company. Got the respect you need. 
 
Cons: 
1. No expandable storage, (Not a problem. you can get a otg pendrive. It supports otg) 
2. The shells and covers are quit expensive 
 
Conclusion: If you have a budget of around 15,000, Go for it. Don't go after mmx or karboonn. Those companies are crap. Worst after sales service. n, Lenovo has bought motorola now, so after sales service by lenovo is good. 
 
JUZ GO FOR ITworth the wait...!! its a wonderful device.this is my first smart phone. I've been planning to buy one since the last 2 years. I have been following up this phone from the time it was announced. It was touted to be a groundbreaker in this segment and it sure is one. i bought the 16gb version. The phone feels comfortable in the hand. Display is sharp and the touch is super responsive atleast compared to the other devices in this range (had gone around checking out phones in this price bracket). Camera was not a concern for me but it seems to be par with phones in this range. the 2 weeks i have had it, it has worked smoothly with no lags or restarts. Only downside seems to be the fact that it does not have an extendable memory but with OTG is this really a limitation..?? also not very sure about after sales service. got the kitkat update too. I loved the phone, seems to be a nicely tucked beast...Best phone below 20k.I got this phone from flipkart within a day (even though i did not book for in a day delivery)so the delivery was very fast,now about the phone,if any of guys are planing or did plan to get nexus and could manage to get it because of money , well u should for this, it has features as that of nexus except the notification light in only white color. 
 Pros 
1.Just love the blinking notification light .Tells that U've Notifications without even unlocking. 
2.Exceptional display -wow! i was amazed.The clarity of Pictures and videos was Awsom. 
3.Camera:Very Good front and rear camera with flash. 
4.Google Version of Android OS.Look and Feel Of OS is Gr8 compared to Other Android phone. 
5. Corning Gorilla Glass 3- I'm really very surprised by this, not even a single scratch and believe me i had many phones and all had so much of scratches within weeks of my usage. 
Cons: 
1.The call clarity is not that very good . 
2.Sometimes the phone gets switched of low battery without warning.Honest Review After Using 10days.First thanks flipkart for its amazing delivery. I Ordered it on 16 March I got message that I will get it on or before 21 March. Surprisingly I got call on 18 March Tuesday morning and I get it.. THANKS flipkart.. 
 
Now Time to talk about mobile .. 
I have been using moto g from past 10days... 
First thing to like about this mobile is its amazing screen .it is just awsme the screen flows in hand it's very smooth. 
 
Performance is amazing no glitches even in using multiple apps simultaneously. I have tried HD games like GTA, Dead trigger, aslphat they work smooth without a single hang or glitch. 
 
Sound is loud at the same time it's superb quality. 
 
Camera its OK but not outstanding. Front cam is good enough for video call. 
 
Pros 
Screen quality 320ppi which is equal to iPhone. 
Performance no glitches. 
...I would recommend this phone .its best under 20000.Wait 4 Good.Guys, 
Don't get irritated due to Out of Stock. It's not the Flipkart's mistake.., it's the craze for Moto G. 
Just wait for 2 t 3 days. You'll get a very good phone. 
Really guys, it's worth waiting... 
You can't get this type of Phone again... 
( This is the first time. i'm giving 5 star rating for a product which I have not seen even...,) 
Dreaming about having Moto G in my hands...Moto G is indeed a good product.In its price range, Moto G's performance is quite impressive. It's very simple/elegant and quite a beautiful design actually. Motorola has accomplished something impressive here. 
 
I think this phone is going to set a new standard (a very high standard in that) for what can be accomplished in under Rs. 14,000 (16 GB model). 
 
I've pre-ordered it when the initial stock was sold out. As per the promise, Flipkart did deliver it in 10 days after I placed the order. Good on you folks. 
 
Too bad that the accessories -- like the official flip case/cover or KLD or similar flip case/cover -- are either sold out or hard to find at this stage. Once the dust settles, perhaps they'd be available plentiful. If anything, it highlights the fact that many would like to buy their new phone with official/unofficial-but-good-quality accessories like cases/covers or screen protectors etc. So, Flipkart needs to do a better job of securing them in the future introduction of such good products.Problem in Moto G.I got my 16Gb Moto G on 1st march and updated to kitkat within an hour.. Well the phone has great look but i am really disappointed when i observed that there is a voice problem. When i make or recieve calls, i can not hear any voice. This is happening on frequent basis. While on restarting, the problem disappears, the problem resume when i recieve next call and this continues. I am using new micro sim which i used for one week in anohter nokia handset without any problem. 
 
                     I inserted the sim in 2nd slot where this problems further increased. Now i don't even listen any ringtone or vibration while recieving calls. I've already reset the phone to factory reset mode,but all in vain. 
 
            This is quite annoying and frustrating when the basic purpose of a phone fails. Finally, yesterday i requested replacement of my phone. Let's see what happens.Excellent phone - MOTO G.I was in search of a good phone which can offer me a good battery backup, sufficient RAM and Memory, a good screen with bright display (PPI) and a processor which can give a perfect combination and also which is affordable in my budget (max 15K). 
 
I explored many options from Micromax, Karbon, Xolo, Sony but finally looked in the flipkart for Moto G. I was just shocked after checking the price and configuaration of the phone. Every aspect which I want was there in the phone. A quad core processor, 1 GB RAM with 16 GB storage, 4.5 inch screen with best in class 328 ppi resolution and 1.5 day battary backup. What else you need in a 14K phone. 
 
I am using the phone since last month and never ever faced issues with battary/speed/display. 
 
The Motorola app Motorola migrate helped me to transfer me my data from old android to Moto G while another app Assist helps me for a calm sleep. 
 
Overall I am very much happy with the phone and I am sure this phone will rock the market.Tagline Justified! Exceptional Phone, Exceptional Price......For our buyers waiting out there, i'll write just what they need to know. No tech stuff since it's already listed. 
 
Things you'll LOVE: 
 
-&gt; Superb build quality. Very nice to hold and the rubbery back makes sure the phone doesn't slip outta your hands. 
-&gt; Great display. The best u'll get on a 4.5 inch device. Very bright and responsive. And most importantly, doesn't kill the battery! 
-&gt; Good battery backup. Won't say it's the best, but takes me through a day easily with heavy usage. 
-&gt; Clean interface. No crappy apps preloaded. Just the vanilla Google stuff. 
-&gt; Audio output from device speaker is great! 
 
Thing's you'll probably miss. 
 
-&gt; A better camera. The 5MP shooter on this baby isn't very great. Pictures are quite noisy and blurred. 
-&gt; A dedicated camera key. Using the touch screen to take pictures is irritating at times. 
-&gt; Better earphones. The in-box headphones are crap. Gives you 40 bucks roadside stuff like feeling. 
 
OVERALL: 9/10Moto G review.Hi Users, 
 
I ordered MotoG 16Gb version from flipkart. Writing this review after 2 days of usage. 
Over all phone is very good. It has nice build and size is just perfect to use. 
 
Points to note: 
1Gb of ram is working just fine for me. I have loaded the phone will all kind of apps like FB, skype, a few games, instagram, watsapp and others. after all this I still have more than 300 MB of ram free which is pretty decent. 
 
out of box it was KitKat. 11.98Gb of user memory for use. 
 
Moto Migrate is a very good feature. I migrated all the data from my old android phone in just 10 mins to my MotoG. 
 
camera and sound are good too. 
 
The only one pro which i noticed is that the phone gets a little heated up after continuous use for 30 mins or so. Its not much but u can feel it. 
Other things which i miss being a old samsung android user is the center key on the main panel to unlock/activate the screen 
 
Over all a very nice phone, feels worth much more than it is actually.hv u guys lost it???????.moto G is now available for exchange with ne other smart phn... n the options are 
apple samsung lg 
hahahha 
bhaii moto g pe kya katrina kaif mil rahi hai jo koi dumb he apne 25000 k upar k phns ko moto g sey 2000 rs mein exchange karega..... 
 
ya i agree its a nice budget phn bt... at the same time its heavily hyped phn frm flip ppl in india... 
so for ur scheme... illl rate u.. ----1Greate Product and Great Service.Hi I got this mobile 8 GB version with in a day service and since i booked it on friday late night they said they can deliver only on following monday. After tracking the phone i requested them to deliver on sunday which they dont do , they took my request and delivered it. Thanks a ton Flipkart. 
 
Coming to the mobile , it is really a product of Google , Very good performance, once you switch on you will get the Kit Kat update for 230 mb so please use wifi if possible for this update. On removing the motorola screen cover with logo please use a scotch tape stick it on the cover and remove it. The tones for locking the phone is also cool. I am using sony erricson experion which is 23k but this phone beats mine in all areas except camera. Screen birghtness, battery back up is really cool. Camera is not that bad. With Kit Kat update i am sure you people will love it. I got the 8 gb when the stock was there so dont rush please be patient to enjoy this VFM mobile.got faulty prodct.dont know in how much time it will be replaced now..there was no problem with the delivery.ordered on 16th and got it on 19th feb.But when i checked the cell by calling the voice is very very feeble.the person on the other side cannot hear you at all.also if you put handfree then no voice goes to the other person.really frustrating as the other person keeps saying helloo helloo helloooo.as i can already see the product is out of stock i dont know when it will be replaced now.had gifted this cell to my mom and now she will be with no cell at all for a long time as the sim was made micro which is unsuitable for other cells.really relying on flipkart to replace this faulty piece as soon as possible.Its AWESOMENESS just awesome!!.I have received my 16GB variant of the device. 
 
- Screen display is brilliant. Colors are vibrant and color reproduction is quite good. 
Has the pixel density almost same as Nexus 4 and iPhone. 
- Compared it with Nexus-4 hand-in-hand. It is even better in some aspects than Nexus 4 like speaker volume. 
- Headphones and charger are available out of the box. this is not included in the US version. (Good for the Indian market). 
- Headphones are quite decent, not too great though. 
- Able to play 1080p videos. 
- The back panel gives a ruberised feel. 
- The build quality is is good and phone feels quite strong when held in hand. 
 
Cons: 
- The only weak side is camera. Pictures are just decent not very sharp. 
- The FM player cannot be played with speaker. Can only hear in headphones. 
 
All in all, this is the most awesome phone in the price bracket.Moto Back with a bang.Got this phone on 9th after ordering it on 6th. It has been 5 days since I got this phone and I must says this phone has kept all the promises It had made before Launch. 
Battery: They says 24 Hrs. For me it is going beyond 24 hrs. 
Lag: Have not came across any till date. As smooth as nexus devices. 
Android: Yes 4.3 in purest form. No modifications Works absolutely fine. 
Gaming: Yet to install Asphalt 8 but Subway Surfer running as smooth as butter. No delay. 
Display: Crisp and solid. No issues with LCD display... as good as any other displays. 
Best Part is price. you can not get a phone with such GPU and processor having 13 GB user available storage and it does not look cheap at all the black cover is somewhat similar to Nokia's 520 which is scratch free. Visibility under sunlight is also a USP 
 
(Nothing wrong that I could notice)Moto G 16GB Review.Hi, 
 
I got this product within 3-4 days of the order. I've started using the product since past 2 weeks. The product is very good and is one of the BEST PHONE in this budget. Very good hardware and user interface. 16GB memory with 1GB RAM. Everything is fine but for 3 things I was very disappointed with this product: 
 
1. Motorola does not bundle any USB cable with this product. I am not sure if USB cable doesn't come with other Motorolla models. 
 
2. Memory and Battery are fixed. Fixed memory is OK, but for Indian customers they must have provided removable battery. What if the phone hangs, one might have to wait till entire battery gets used up. 
 
3. Accessory and handset color combination is of exactly opposite match. All accessories like handset and charger come in WHITE while the phone is entirely BLACK. 
 
My rating for Moto G 16 GB is 4 out of 5. But if Motorolla works on the above 3 points, rating will surely be 4.5+ out of 5. 
 
Regards, 
Amit Mahey.EXCEPTIONAL PHONE, EXCEPTIONAL PRICE EXCEPTIONAL SUPPORT.EXCEPTIONAL PHONE, EXCEPTIONAL PRICES EXCEPTIONAL SUPPORT. 
 
I am stating that after using it for 30days... 
 
MOTOROLA don't need any review 
I am using MOTOROLA since years and they are as good as while INVENTING MOBILE PHONE. 
 
In Every spec. it scores exceptional 
-in gaming 
-in calling 
-in dual sim (smart sim selection is too good) 
-Camera with its exceptional software with slow motion VIDEO is just the best. (You will love watching things in slow motion) 
-Screen resolution is amazing... 
-and most important BATTERY backup...( You will not restrict your friends to use your Phone, Play games and drain battery, because It will have always enough for all day use) 
 
Finally Phone deserves 14K Best Value for money. 
 
No need of Expandable memory with 16GB inbuilt, +50GB G-Drive. 
 
So if you want PHONE go for MOTOROLA. You will get to know Real meaning of PHONE. 
Proved by providing such a beauty MOTO G and MOTO X coming soon. 
Enjoy with MOTO Best Luck...Moto G has left the world fumbling for words.Before Moto G I had almost lost faith in budget android phones due to their low res displays, their lag etc. But now, this phone is like a mid to high end phone at the price of a budget phone. No lag, excellent display, excellent 3d gaming, USB OTG (one of the best features, it works out of the box, pen drives, keyboard and mouse, USB speakers and even gaming controllers, all work without a problem), is water resistant which means it can handle light rain showers and the best battery life whether you compare it to high end phones or budget. 
 
 As far as the phone and it's components are concerned, there doesn't seem to be any problem whatsoever, This phone just keeps performing and after using it all the Experia L, M, HTC desire X, 310 all feel slow. Anybody with a budget of 20,000 should go for this, and whoever can go beyond that should go for a Moto X, or a Nexus 5. 
 
And finally, after seeing me use this phone, my dad and mom both wanted it and now all three of us have Moto G, two 16GB variants and one 8GB. 
 
So if you are planning to buy a phone with a budget of less than 20k, this is it. Look no further. This phone has literally shaken the market as it is the first in the smartphone market time that there is a phone for which you simply do not have any other alternative. No other phone can even match half of the features that the Moto G packs with it. It is like a Samsung Galaxy S3 at the price of 13-14,000.great phone by Motorola (google).using this phone from past 3 days.. when i am saying past 3 days it means almost 40 hours out of 72..yes, this beauty dont let me take my eyes off it, 
i got moto g 16gb with android 4.4.2 installed, 
so far this phone performed best in gaming, average in photography, 
i was able to hear clear and loud voice while calling, 
screen quality is mind-blowing, touch screen is butter smooth no lag so far, 
and since i was using it very heavily from past 72 hrs (most of the time while charging) so i dont want to comment anything negative regarding its battery life, 
i like its face unlock feature very much it gives you that feeling of using a high end gadget ;), Radio works great and its starts playing as soon as you open the Radio app within a flick of a second that's amazing, 
trust me in past 72 hrs i tested every inch of this phone and satisfied with its performance completely..except that 5mp camera which under-performed my expectations.. 
ignoring its camera performance i am giving it 5 stars. 
and this line is for flipkart only -this time there was no invoice (bill) inside the packaging but since i got one through email so .. no problem, hota hy yaar.--------------------- 12.5K Really?  -----------------------.I was really shocked to see the price of 12.5k for this Moto G - 8GB phone. 
 
Positives 
1. Screen : 325 ppi - superb display, OK in sunlight, only AMOLED is better than this, which is way too expensive. 
2. Speed : No lag for normal usage. Only while browsing you will see about 0.5 seconds lag. 
3. Flip case : I thought the phone is good to use without the flip case. I used it for a while and then decide not to use the flip case. So you may not want to waste money on the flip case. 
4. Personally i think 8 GB phone is enough, unless you plan to make you phone a juke box. 
5. For a similar specification, i guess the nearest phone is atleast 8-10k more expensive. 
 
Negatives 
1. Camera : Image quality is just OK. Infact i think the real problem is that it is not able to do 'auto-focus' properly. At night the images are grainy. But at 12.5k i didn't have too much of expectation. For me it is primarily a phone and then a camera. If you want a better phone then have a look at lava iris pro. 
2. Battery : Not sure if it is really 2000+ mAH? With normal usage battery lasted a day. So after a few months, i wonder that i might have to recharge twice a day....This is slightly worrying. 
3. I tried hard but could not find any other negative about this yet. 
 
P.S : I heard that Google sold Motorola to Lenovo !! If Moto G is such a great success, why should Google sell off this company?M for Moto G for Google.Ordered the 8GB since the 16 GB went out of stock the day it was launched. The Flipkart website. 
Flipkart pormise Single day delivery which did not happen even I paid Rs. 90/- extrta for that but it was delivered 2 days after. 
That also the 2nd day the delivery man from Flipkart on the Sunday made my whole family wait till the evening saying I am coming in next 1/2 hour from 12:00PM to 6:00PM but he finally came. 
 
All this bother from flipkart vanished once I had the cool Moto G phone in hand. It is worth every rupee you put in. Definitely do buy it. the GUI is at par with iPhone even faster than that. The Gorilla glass is excellent and is very sliding finish style. This phone is better than any Samsung S2, S3,S4 series No need for stylus as it is a great phone to type on the intelligent slider keypad. Plus point is I got all my apps back from the old phone from the Market. All my media was carefully transferred from my old Android to new one using Moto Migrate software app which is also available in the market. Temple Run, Angry birds has never felt so great on an Android phone not even on any Samsung phone. the Gorilla glass is a definite plus point for Google and Motorola. The camera zoom has grains at 4x . if you can live with that it is definitely a good buy. 
 
No SD card so use Google Drive 15 GB. 
 
Battery is a big plus it lasts for 24 hours. the display consumes the most battery so that is where you need to customize your battery saver settings and then it lasts. 
 
Enjoy your new Moto G ! Have a great time.Great Mobile at the price range.The phone is very smooth and doesn't show any lag. The UI and touch is very responsive. 
The screen is adequately big (4.5 inch) and resolution is very good 720x1280 with 326ppi. 
Since the pixel density the images are very crisp and clear. 
This phone is a Dual Sim but beware that it is dual stand by i.e when one sim is active the other sim would be inactive. 
Comes with Stock Android Jelly Bean but it is up-gradable to Kit Kat. 
 
Pros: 
-Beautiful screen and very good resolution 
-Camera has features like face detection, panorama and HDR 
-Smooth UI and no lag 
 
Cons: 
-No expandable memory 
-Doesn't have the cable to connect to PC 
 
I have heard lot of people complaining about the camera, but I have to say that compared to other phones at this price range its camera is better. 
After using it for 20 days, I do not see any bigger drawbacks with this phone. Like I said earlier I think this is the best available phone at this price range. 
Though I have a suggestion, please buy 16 GB version of this phone. 8GB is not enough and you would definitely regret it.Moto Googrola.I have been using it for a while and have not find it any issue. Samsung, Micromax surely have to learn a lot from Google, they throw cheap china plastic as their flagships this new boy in town have a machismo to its spec's. 
Cons: 
Non removable battery: Though i really don't know how it would benefit me but i personally don't like the idea. 
No data cable: The pack doesn't include any data transfer cable, though i have other cables but y u no provide it. 
No expendable memory: I have a 8 GB version. out of which only 5.2 is user part.And this whole android thing takes a massive amount. 
Moto Shells: They are way too expensive to have many of them. 
No competition space: Exclusively on Flipkart ?? Its not like that i don't like Flipkart i love it but if other retailers were also open then it might go a little (at least in terms of freebies). 
 
Pros 
Corning Gorilla Glass: U will not get in any other sub 15K droid. 
Awesome sound quality: 
Bright &amp; vivid colors 
KitKat 4.4: Even Galaxy S4 don't have it. One up. 
 
Overall i am satisfied with my Moto what else u expect from Google itself.HIGHLY AND STRONGLY RECOMMENDED MOTOROLA G FOR EVERYONE WHO LIKES GOOGLE MOTOROLA &amp; ANDROID.I'm writing this preview after a long time research (almost 3 months) before purchase and continues endurance test at all side from 01-30 Apr 2014, after purchase. After comparing with leading branded phones (all are mine and my fnds owns); Some of my major findings are mentioned as below :-  
    
 
1. CAMERA :- Some previous reviews in some websites are shown that the camera is not good, but I am experiencing the very good quality in its range (5mp rear and 1.3mp front) and well images in dark areas too and the HD recording quality is not bad. 
 
2. SOUND QUALITY :- The sound quality of the device is amazing and a little bit higher than other branded phones at any circumstances... There is no doubt. 
 
3. PROCESSOR :- The 1.2 GHz Quad Core processor is giving you the wonderful experience with multitasking and no lagging at all. This may be same on other phones in the same configuration, but I am saluting Moto g due to its heart winning price (Rs 12,499/13,999/- on Flipkart only). 
 
4. BATTERY LIFE :- I don't think the users are interested in the type of battery like Lion, phion, removable n non removable etc. They want backup for at least 24 hours because they have no time to charge many times a day in this daytoday's busy environment and Moto g gives it. After completion of full charge, it holding about 20% of battery after continues use 16 hoursof music, browsing (3g), phone calls and WiFi hot spot etc. And this endurance has been checked and done by 2-3 times without sleeping and it is good enough for a entry level smart phone. There is no need to charge within a 48 hours with normal use. 
 
5. STORAGE :- There is two variants available but the selection is depends upon your pocket. The features are same for both. Main feature is that, if you'r not a Google fan just don't mind the offer by Google for 50gb cloud storage free for two years. If you feeling the storage is not enough, You can use any other external storage like pen drive, card reader or a phone too with unlimited storage capability (with the support of OTG data cable, which available in local market or online stores) and you can access any media files. The funny facture is my phone shown charging also while connecting with Moto g....! 
So, the storage options is your own choice. 
 
There may be a requirement of an antivirus software, if you mount the external storage, because any viruse can spread through external storage. 
 
6. KITKAT UPDATE :- Most interesting feature is that the most modern phone with the latest android operating system (4.4.2) with editable office and printing support. No phones available to compare with this price tag. 
 
7. ABOUT FLIPKART, WS RETAIL &amp; DHL :- I am ordered on 29th Mar about 11:00 am and they shipped the same day and it has been reached to me on 01 Apr because 30th was Sunday (I am now in a rural area n there is no COD available). The service provided by Flipkart and Blue Dart DHL was really appreciated, because the original product, international look, standard of packaging, shipping and behavior of customer service centre and web tracking where really 10 star rating for the team Fk, WS&amp; DHL. 
 
8. CONCLUSION :- At the end, I am remembering a whatsapp joke :- 
 
'What is the similarity between MOBILE AND MARRIAGE- In both cases you feel &ldquo; if I had wait for some time I would have got a better model.' 
 
But in this case, this joke is just for a sharing post only. Because on the mean time, there is nobody can challenge and give you a better phone than Motorola g in the price range of 15-25,000/- (Chinese phones are not matter, I am telling about the branded companies only). 
 
If you are planning to buy a new smart phone earlier, just close your eyes, leave all confusions in your flush and go for Moto g only. Because its high end performance, cheap cost and latest version of OS and apps. Don't worry about the service centres it's available all over India and your nearest centre also will be mentioned in your invoice send to you by Flipkart. 
 
I am not a mobile phone or android apps maniac. But, 
 
&quot;HIGHLY AND STRONGLY RECOMMENDED MOTOROLA G FOR EVERYONE WHO LIKES ANDROID&quot;Awesome phone, but mine is busted.I bought the 8GB variant on Feb 6. In a month, I've totally enjoyed the awesomeness that this phone is. It's a steal at the given price. Amazing responsiveness, wonderful battery life, and all that. 
 
I did get unlucky though; my phone's proximity sensor failed in just one month. I have to now always hit the power button when on call or else it just keeps responding to every touch on the face while on call and I ended up accidentally starting apps, or making other calls, sending random messages on facebook and what not; needless to say a failed proximity sensor gets very annoying very quickly. Everything else still works as expected and pretty damn smooth. I've contacted a Motorola service center near me, and expecting favorable response from them. Will perhaps update my post-sales experience here as well when that story ends. 
 
I would have rated this phone with 5/5 stars within the first 30 days. But here's my star rating for a poor experience. Sorry! I'd perhaps revisit this after I go through their customer service. 
 
Besides the busted proximity sensor, another negative would be the camera - the main one on this phone isn't anything impressive - 5 MP, poor quality images produced. But I didn't expect it to be any better. In fact, it produces good enough pictures in daylight for social sharing. Not good for quick snapshots, for instance, to document some event or for photo-journalists - it really crawls when it comes to grabbing focus and images are very grainy when seen on larger screen at 1:1 size. 
 
-- 
 
PS: I am still trying to figure out if it's just me or a large number of Moto G users have encountered the proximity sensor issue. (Just to figure out how many others have faced this, if you care to help me find out, email me at bustedsensor@morjal.com with subject &quot;My Moto G too&quot; - !only if you're using Moto G).Moto G 8GB 10 days usage feedback.Beyond any doubt, the phone and iys features are exceptional at this price point, its a true value for money. As I read lot of bad reviews about camera, was a bit sceptical before purchase, but believe me its more than enough for fb and instagram, it amazed me with its decent snaps. It automaticaly upgraded to Kitkat 4.4.2 just after purchase. Pros and cons as per my opinion are listed below: 
 
Cons: As pros have been discussed lot of times, lets discuss the cons first. 
 
1. The Charger - The mobile charger that I received is strange, It dosent fit in any normal 5amp or 15 amp sockets. No socket could accomodate that charger, finally I manager to charge my phone using a adaptor plug. 
 
2. The headphone - The headphone received alongwith is not of uptomark quality, better they should have not provided one. 
 
3. 8Gb is not sufficient for avid gamers as you are getting only 5.5Gb usable storage space. 
 
Pros (useful ones) : 
 
1. Display is excellent, 
2. Touch is extremely smooth, 
3. Preloaded 4.4.2 thus no need for rooting and custom roms. 
4. Decent battery life, getting 15 hours with very heavy usage. 
5. USB OTG working perfect with 4.4.2 installed.Awesome Phone, awesome service by flipkart!!.I wasn't very sure ordering a mobile phone online, which i haven't seen or had a feel of, but the specs they provided were unbelievable, that to at such a throw away price. 
I had ordered Moto G with 8GB, with assured delivery in a day on a saturday. I couldn't believe when the delivery guy called me on a sunday for delivery. So good work flip kart, they had packed my phone with lot of care. 
Now about the phone. I just love it, I was using samsung s3 before, I just hated it for its delicate darling looks. Moto G is strong &amp; sturdy, with gorilla glass, believe me, i didnt even bother to put a scratch guard on it. 
Though no expandable memory is a draw back, but hey, the phone is ultra fast. The camera is also not matchable with s3 &amp; likes, but tht doesnt bother me much, it has a basic camera for what a phone should have. Also NFC is missing, but that again doesnt bother much when you have bluetooth, wifi etc. 
Another good feature is Moto Transfer app, it literraly copies all your stuff from your old mobile (andriod) phone to Moto G (even the settings). 
The phone is amazing, I find it much better than I phone (sic). 
Go ahead and grab your phone. ( I suggest go for 16 gb model, whic is just a fraction of cost extra, I couldnt buy it since it was out of stock.)SOME THING about THis awesome Mobile you should know....Hello,viewers ,what one finds in his mobile is basically a good camrea ,gpu,processor and a wide screen.and wow.. we are not getting this only but a lot more than this.this a mobile meant for you and you should surely go for it because being a tech geek myself i havent seen so much of features from a company at this price though small companies offer it but yaaa. there is something different in having a phone like that,a mobile you should just stick on ok.. see it yourself motorola was sold at appr. 10 billion dolllars and yet after acquitial by google it just have make about 30 crores rupees on the day of launch yes 30 crore and that is not a small value so you could is decide yourself to buy or not because it is one of the fastest selling mobile(top was htc dream which not only created a milestone but also have a distinction of to be the worlds first mobile to run android) dear viewers to solve your confusion you may just refer to some points mentioned below i hope they are useful... 
1-CAMERA- no doubt with the clarity of camera and of course an HD camrea of 5 magapixel with flash.. and ya dont forget the front camera thatis good 1.3 megapixel 
2-SENSORS-you only leaving HDMI and GYROSCOPE it have other sensors that will definitaely help you like proximity which will lock your screen when ever you are talking,accerlerometer-detects the orientation of your mobile(and now a days many 
SAFETY supported app for GIRLS are based on it only),compass-works like a handy compass. 
3-THICKNESS-i have no word for its praise because definately its quite thick therefore it can be rather tolerated becuse there is compromise for a grat deal at a grat price. 
4-OS-ya.. a interesting topic to talk about we are getting a pure android os thatis no onerferrence of any company with apps or anything and the most loving is KITKAT yes though we get 4.3 jellybean but it is upgradable. 
5-PROCESSOR- PLZ LOOK TO IT... it the one of the best processor though i m not advertising the mobile but yeahh... a QUADCORE QUALLCOM SNAPDRAGON processor is it not shocking or amazing with this processor we can run aproximately any app yes any app because i m definately sure the buyer must be statisfied by the perfomance all the problems we face in dual core processors about games and all is all solved its good to be gamer and definately plz dont lose this offer. 
6-GORRILA GLASS-corning gorilla glass 3 which is scratch proof and is the best one in its categorie also screen size and display is HD which good. 
7-GPU-ADRENO 365 again a smart choice to go on. 
 SO WE COME TO CONCLUSION THAT AT THIS PRICE IT JUST A WOW.......Moto G AAP MAHAN HO! ...Still the best budget smartphone, the Moto G is an incredible bargain that punches well above its weight :)Must buy.Alrdy using this Product since 3months Almost it's a Steal Deal at the Price much better than Cheap SAMSUNG and Feel sorry for NOKIA (Windows Sucks) :P Actly the name of Device should be now GOTOROLA Google tag has added Stars to the MOTO G ..sincerely Thanks to GOOGLE for that !! 
 
Here are the PROS: 
This is essentially a half-price Nexus 4 - and what a great phone this Moto-G is. This phone is 1.2 ghz which is plenty fast enough for everything I have thrown at it.Everything is fast and silky-smooth on-screen and it is the same screen as it's Moto X older brother. This phone is 3G network compatible only, but seeing as though this country will be years before 4G is sorted and many rural areas still don't have adequate 3G service thats no loss there.Battery is astonishing! -I am getting 10 hours of medium to heavy multimedia use.Gorgeous feel and design. I recommend getting the Motorola flip-top case to complement and protect it. 
 
CONS: 
 Camera is a little poor but only by a little, it takes perfectly adequate non-zoom shots.Motto G 8GB 1 month review.First day: While charging the screen was getting hotter. Experienced the same 2-3 days. after that no issue 
 
After 31 days: I have to accept that the mobile was slipped , and there was scratch mark on the body(fortunately nothing happened to screen). Mobile is very delicate not like my old samsung mobile which fell down many time and nothing happened to till now(its nearing 4 years now). Pls note here that i m not advertising for samsung. I just compared it with what i have as other mobile.Would suggest users of the motto g to handle it carefully. yes , motto g very delicate mobile build is not that robust. 
 So with the slip, i faced these problems: 
1.Power button stopped working. My phone was off for 2-days when it the battery was completely drained out as i had no option switch on the phone. 
2. Battery consumption is another issue with the phone. Have to recharge every day. if u forget, battery will drain completely very quick. 
3. Some how managed to fix the power button issue from the service center. watch a movie online for an hour. Screen was getting hotter again. 
 
Flipcart rejected for replacement as i complained it on 35th day. and Motorola also said get it fixed at the service center as there is physical damage 
 
Otherwise mobile is good .for response time, gaming, call quality, display etc.Great Value Phone.This mobile has specks which are good, 1 gb ram, processor is good. 
Phone is light as compared to its competitors, does not feel much when in the pocket. 
The touch is extremely smooth, being glass it also scratches less. 
I am keeping the mobile away from my kids a i am scared if they drop it and if it the screen breaks, actually i myself have dropped the phone twice from my work desk, lucklly nothing has happened. 
You tube with 3g is great, not much lag is seen after its downloaded. 
Minus: 
1. No business card can be sent through sms, can be sent only through whatsup. 
2. SMS messages can not be stored in another folder, no option is there for this 
3. 8 GB option is very less, taking one video for 45 min eats up all your storage space 
4. I think 16 gb should be fine, if external storage is there it should be great 
5. Should handle carefully as the screen is glass 
6. Some times the clarity of voice is poor, jarring voice is noticed ocassionally 
7. Data cable is not available in the box as accessories 
8. Battery can not be changed after a few yrs of usage 
 
Plus: 
1. Battery life is definitely better than its peers 
2. Glass screen increases the life of the screen by reducing scratches 
3. Glass screen is very smooth to feel and touch 
4. Over all good phone that its higher grade of competitors 
 
Thanks 
This is very true to my knowledge 
Writing this with out reading any reviews abt this phoneExcellent buy in the price.I bought this on the day of the launch Moto G 8 GB for my wife to replace micromax canvas D. The delivery was as usual fast. Though I wanted to buy 16 GB but was unavailable on the first day and I needed to buy on first day to avail of offer by Flipkart. Wonderful offer, I also bought clothes worth around 1000+ and bought ebooks too. Though I wished they would offer physical books but anyways. The mobile has the latest android kitkat, updated within a week. The great corning gorilla glass as I do not like to cover my mobile with screenguard. Also I had heard the back catches stains fast but did not happen with me, it's mostly clean. The processor is fast. have not installed too many games, only the essential ones like candy crush,subway surfer etc.The only drawback is the Camera, which is god enough in a reasonable light and in flash , but gives lot of noise in low lights. But in the given price with all the features. I do not think there is any other branded product available in the price range.Thanks motorola and flipkart :)Best phone for the money.I bought two phones on the day it released on flipkart and totally happy with the performance. I used a samsung galaxy note for the past 2 years and my expectation was quite high. So, I naturally have to compare the performance of this one with the note (gt-n7000). Following are some of my experiences. 
 
Played Need For Speed MW on both. I found no difference performance-wise but it runs much more cooler on the new moto-g. Battery drain was also lesser on the moto-g. 
Overall battery life is much better than the note. Even with a lot of browsing, videos, 3G, calls etc, it still is giving me more than a day for one charge. With the same usage, my note would drain in half day even when it was new. 
There is not a bit of sluggishness at all when using maps, videos etc. NFS MW was the most CPU/GPU intensive app I have used until now on the moto-g and it ran perfectly well. 
 
I do not miss the big screen of note that much as 4.5 inch is enough in my opinion and also, the resolution almost matches the note. 
 
The only thing which is not as good as the note is the camera. The moto-g has a 5MP front and 1.3MP rear camera. This is nothing like the 8MP/2MP in my old note. Also, I think the sensor/lens (either or both) is not up to mark. No image stabilization.Finally, Motorola is back with a vengeance!!.As the title says, after having to shut down its operations in India due to tremendous losses in the mobile market, Motorola is back with a vengeance to India after missing a year or two. 
Motorola is a company which comes under Google, so be assured to experience vanilla android experience in it. Flagship specs also add the cherry to the cake. In the budget segment(upto 20,000), this probably beats all. It comes with premium build quality and feels like a top notch build. I doubt if people will still go for other companies in this range after the return of Motorola. Not to forget, Moto G, like previous Motorola phones is also dust resistant and water-proof. Motorola was the first company which made water-proof phones available to the consumer market. The only possible downside could be the 5 MP camera, which although is fine, since the phone isn't meant to be used as a digital camera. I don't own this device but have used it vigorously since a friend of mine just bought it. Hopefully, Motorola gets back in the market strongly with more devices.Outstanding phone.been using the phone since days.....all i can say is its awesome ! 
 
Pros 
 
1) No lag, like absolutely zero lag, even in demanding games like real racing 3, shadow gun 2, frontline commando 2 etc. 
 
2) All updates would reach us as soon as they are released by google. 
 
3) The price is too good to be true.(But it is !) 
 
4) Software is well optimised for the hardware. 
 
5) Combination of Corning Gorilla Glass 3 and Water repellant layer makes it quite sturdy. 
 
6) Pure android experience - believe me guys, it is much better than your pathetic, buggy , resource hungry and ugly Touchwiz. 
 
7) Battery life is very good....lasts around one and a half days with 1 and a half hours of calling, 1 hour of gaming, always on wifi and one and half hours of mobile data. 
 
8) Screen is beautiful and touch is superb. 
 
9) Call quality is outstanding.....the best in the market (check gsmarena review for proof ). 
 
Now the cons - 
 
1) NFC not available (hardly use it...so no problem) 
 
2) Camera is average (not bad, but not the best.) 
 
At the price point, the cons can be perfectly neglected (atleast for me)Does this low price come at the cost of performance?.THIS IS TAKEN FROM NDTV GADGETS' REVIEW AND THE CREDIT ENTIRELY GOES TO NTDV. 
 
What makes the Moto G special is the fact that it is one of a very small number of devices running the latest version of Android, and one of the only ones priced this low to be doing so. 
 
The Moto G scores heavily in terms of style and substance, and our only major quibbles are the non-expandable storage and below-par camera performance. The 4.5-inch HD screen is wide, and yet the phone is small enough to hold in one hand and type easily with a thumb. Most of all, praise be, the Moto G is also extremely affordable. 
 
This phone is definitely aimed at price-conscious Indian smartphone buyers, and its array of colourful back shells will attract the style-conscious as well. Yes, it isn't perfect, but it isn't meant to compete against the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S4, HTC One or LG G2. At its price, we're willing to overlook its faults. 
 
The Moto G is available in two variants: 8GB for Rs. 12,499 and 16GB for Rs. 13,999. At this price point, no other phones offer an experience that is as good, so in that sense the Moto G is a game changer. If you have your eyes set on the Moto G, we recommend you spend the extra bucks and get the 16GB version, given the limited user accessible storage available in the 8GB version. Our only other complaint with the Moto G is the average camera, but the only phone that offers a better camera in the same price bracket is the Nokia Lumia 720, so the newest Motorola smartphone is a winner overall.Flipkart is the IDEAL online retailer and MOTO G an ideal phone.I realized I had not arranged for a valentine gift for my wife and it was already 48 hours before valentine's day. I knew she needed a smartphone but with so many options and price range, I was confused to get one that would not only make an excellent valentine gift but a unique gift so I turned to my favorite website, FLIPKART. I opted for the next day delivery and quite likely so, it came in time before cupid struck. What makes the Moto G special is the fact that it is one of a very small number of devices running the latest version of Android, and one of the only ones priced this low to be doing so. 
 
The Moto G scores heavily in terms of style and substance, and our only major quibbles are the non-expandable storage and below-par camera performance. The 4.5-inch HD screen is wide, and yet the phone is small enough to hold in one hand and type easily with a thumb. Most of all, praise be, the Moto G is also extremely affordable. 
 
At Rs. 12,499/- no other phones offer an experience that is as good, so in that sense the Moto G is a game changer. The only complaint with the Moto G is the average camera, but there are no other phones that offer a better camera in the same price bracket making Motorola smartphone a winner overall.A true stunner!.Everything about moto g is good without being great. 
 
-its a phone that handles everyday tasks at ease and almost every game is handled well 
-Display is good that it is almost gives accurate colors and with high ppi images are crisp and clear 
-Kitkat along with its slightly bigger battery gives full day of charge with normal usage on 3G 
-Camera takes fairly decent shots on daylight and gets little noisy at low lights 
-though it is not certified,Capability to withstand from water spillings gives an extra bang for bucks 
-phone is extremely well built, feels solid and with its curved design, its fairly handy 
-this phone gives vanilla android experience and with some apps from motorola like assist and migrate are a nice addition 
 
This is not competing with any other mid-range devices, it is clearly going after flagships. 
overall, moto g is a excellent phone which motorola has very thin margins on it unlike other manufacturers and it is the reason for its very low price and that doesn't make it cheap.Phone that Knows You.I was using Motorola Defy from last 2 years using custom rom. Once I moved to Moto G with Jelly Bean (now upgraded to kitkat) - its a whole new world.If you use the entire google ecosystem (chrome,map,gmail etc) the phone will started understanding your daily task and prompt with tips. For example, before going or coming from office, everyday google now tells me about the estimated time to reach home (i have updated my home and office address in google map). The phone has a solid feel in my hand - I used Nokia E51 earlier and it really gives that iron grip feel and bit heavy also - not just some cheap plasticity feel. The display is stunning, browsing is butter smooth, radio is already tunned to my local radio channel. I have not tested the headset yet - still using my old Motorola Defy headset. I play some casual games like - temple run 2, dots, despicable me 2 - runs pretty well. Camera quality is as expected - nothing to talk about. Battery last around 2 days with low call, medium gaming and medium 3G/Wifi usage. This is best bang for money for serious smart phone user who wants phone to the daily stuff.amazing product..!!! exceptional price!!!.i just bought this last week. it got delivered in 4 days... cheers flipkart :) 
coming to pros and cons : 
pros : 1. very responsive touch screen 
   2. butter smooth running of graphic intensive apps 
   3. goodness of android kitkat :) 
   4. superb camera.... daylight pics were excellent with good colour reproduction 
   5. inbulit gesture typing 
   6. more than 14 hours of battery backup on continuous use on 3g 
   7. no crap applications like other local brands. 
   8. more than 600 mb free ram on startup 
   9. SUPERB DISPLAY!! 720 p looks awesome ... great viewing angles due to ips display 
   10. fantastic multitasking experience due to quad core snapdragon 400 :) 
   11. battery warranty is one year . no other mobile brand is giving one year warranty for battery 
cons: 
   1. poor headphones 
   2. limited internal storage (though its sufficient for avg users) 
   3. long distance low light shots are completely waste 
   4. charging takes nearly 4 hours 
   5. user interface is stock android. dont expect touchwiz type of functionality 
   6. service centres are less 
verdict : a must have mobile below 13 k if u r really not botherd about storage (or installling heavy storage games). for everything else... moto rocks. a big thumbs up for google to bringing a nexus like performance mobile at such a low price. and as i said. ... its exceptional phone at an exceptional price ;)Beast!.Killer phone, killer specs and killer looks! 
 
I ordered it yesterday at 2 o'clock and the delivery guy was in my doorsteps today at 12 noon. This can only happen in flipkart. ;) 
 
The phone is just amazing, I don't know how they managed to pack all that good stuff keeping the price so low. Hats off to moto and google ( I know now its lenovo, but hey this phone is google's work. ) 
 
Call clarity haven't tested, probably I'll update the review later if I get time. 
 
Camera is average. Compared to my old Sony xperia, xperia wins all the way. Color reproduction is not accurate. 
 
Build quality is rock solid. I had to put quite a lot of pressure to the back cover off. :P 
And looks like a hot chick. ;) 
 
Bundled earphone is not that great. I tried my old Sony xperia earphones with moto g and the audio quality was just marvelous. 
 
Well, I guess that's it for the review. Thanks again to flipkart for quick delivery. 
 
And yeah, I haven't updated my phone to kitkat yet, coz I've heard lot of bad things about kitkat update and it seems lots of users are having trouble after updating to it. So, I guess I'll wait for the next update.A Power Packed Device :).I have been using this product for a week now and i must say this is a awesome buy and a great value for money. 
Processor: The device is packed with a 1.2 GHz Quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with 1 GB of RAM which allows lag less multitasking and a great phone experience. 9/10 
 
Camera: The Moto G sports a 5-megapixel rear camera accompanied by an LED flash, and also has a 1.3-megapixel front-facing camera. I found it pretty decent as per my requirement which allows me take nice snaps and 720P video recording. You wont get a better camera than this at 12 K phone i promise :) 8/10 
 
Gaming Review: Powered by a quad-core 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor coupled with an Adreno 305 GPU, the Moto G features 1GB of RAM which allows a great gaming experience. I play Temple Run,Subway Surfers,2048 etc games and i have not witnessed a single lag :) 9/10 
 
Nano Coating: The phone is protected via Nano coating which means an accidental water spill will not effect. No spills Yet so cannot rate but have seen a video where Moto G was kept inside water for 30 mins :) 10/10 
 
Moto Apps: The phone comes with 2 great Motorola Apps which have a great productivity. 8/10 
 
Call Quality: The call quality is OK and not the best still 7/10. 
 
Many users have reported that after update to KitKat they were facing signal issues but i have not updated to KItKat and even wont and would recommend to stick to Jelly Bean and also make sure to use a pure micro sim and not a cut which might cause some issue. 
 
Over all a great buy and a great value for money i would recommend this phone for all :) 9/10 Go for it :)Excellent.I have been using Moto G for about a month now, and I can say that it's by far the best Android phone that I have used so far. If you are looking for a phone in the 10k to 15k range, dont hesitate to buy this phone. And if you are deciding between buying an Indian-made Android and Moto G, you shouldn't be. The reason is because Moto G just excels in everything. I have been trying to find a flaw so far. Its been one month since I bought it, and it has been excellent. I can do everything with it. 
 
People complain about the camera being only 5 megapixels. Here is a bit of advice for those people. Megapixels are a measure of the resolution of a photo, not its quality. And after using Moto G, I saw that the photos are of extremely high quality, and it can be improved by using HDR. The video recording quality is also very good and it consistently outperforms phones with high-res cameras. 
 
For those who feel that there should be external storage, just buy the 16 GB version. Unless people plan to put entire movies and TV series in the phone, 16 gigs is more than enough. 
 
However, one thing that most people don't complain about is the sound. The sound quality lacks a bit. If you play songs at high volumes, the audio breaks. But then again, for the price you are getting, I think quite a few people would be willing to make that compromise. 
 
Just go for it and then you will see for yourself. Cheers to Motorola for taking the Android market by storm.MOTOROLA+GOOGLE STANDS OUT!! &amp; MotoG wins the world!!.First, I thank Flipkart for fast &amp; secure delivery of the phone. Talking about the phone, all i have to say is Moto G rocks.. Last week my dad presented it to me, it was a surprise.. From then onward, till now i'm rocking with it.. I didn't faced any difficulties with it so far. This phone is full of pros.. 
1. Bundled with apps like MotoMigrate with which i could easily transfer my contacts, data etc from my old smartphone via wifi easily. It also contains Moto secure apps. 
2, 1.2 ghz processor is very fast. 3, Multitasking is easy with 1GB of RAM. 4, Flash is very bright. 5, The pictures with 5MP camera looks like that of a DSLR. 6, Secondary camera is good. 7, High graphics games works great with its ADRENO 302 GPU. 8, 4.5 inch IPS screen with Gorilla Glass 3. 9, Android v4.3 JellyBean is very stable. 
This phone competes with smartphones of Samsung, Nokia, HTC etc under Rs. 25000.. 
This phone clearly wins over Apple, Samsung, Nokia, Jolla etc... Those who want a Google Moto phone with these specs under 13K. GO FOR IT..(18/03/2014) HMMM....... GOOD....... (12/04/2014) worst phone i've ever used .. i sold it for rs 9000.18/03/2014 
well..... no doubt the MOTO G is awsome ,,,, very good responce,quad-core processor performence is excilent, display is crisp &amp; sharp... camera is just fine .... not so good ,, and all the things are fine ... but the accesories are reallyy cheap....the quality of earphone &amp; charger is very poor and motorola dont even give micro usb to usb data cable 
. 
so finally ... the MOTO G is really a good phone .. n the big thing is that the ... 4.4 kitkat update is rolled out for this phone ... this is the big plus point of this phone 
/ 
12/04/2014 
this phone has serious network issues.. network drops suddenly during calls and using internet . before having moto g I am using galaxy s-advance , and believe me guys s-advance is much better than moto g .Samsung has cortex A9 dual core , mali 400 gpu over an exyonus chipset ., which is far better than moto g's snapdragon chipset. 
. 
don't buy this phone guys I've wasted my 12499 rs after using 20 days I hardly sold it for 9000 . go for Samsung , sony ,lg or micromaxSuperb !!.I had ordered the 8GB version of this phone for my Dad and was not disappointed at all. I saw negative reviews about the delivery time before purchasing and hence was a little skeptical in ordering it. But Flipkart delivered on time and in perfect condition as usual. So kudos to the Flipkart service. 
 
Coming to the phone: 
PROS 
- First if all we have to keep in mind that it is mid ranger and not a high end droid with them fancy unlimited cores and unimaginable screen resolutions. 
- Once you have this set in your mind, then you will simply love this phone. It performs all the basic tasks with such ease and the interface is very clean and crisp, very Google Nexus like feel on the UI. 
- Runs all the basic apps and day to day tasks smoothly without any lag and has an excellent screen. Videos actually look very nice on the HD display. 
- Is extremely smooth and running on latest Android KitKat 4.4.2 with fast and guaranteed updates from Google in future. 
 
CONS 
- The sound from the speaker is a little mild as compared to other phones out there. But it is manageable if you do not want to blast out songs / music through the loudspeaker in a noisy environment. The sound is actually pretty good when we use headphones. 
- The camera is of mediocre quality and is just about fine for clicking pics in daylight, low light and night time performance is below standard. Reducing one star for this ! 
 
If you can live with the above two hiccups (my Dad can :) ) then I would say that there is no better Mid Range android phone right now which gives you value for money.Best Highest end low end device ! If it makes sense to you.Ive been an android user for about 3 years now. 
My first was nexus 3 aka Galaxy Nexus i9250 
Second Nexus 4 LG 
and i was looking forward for the nexus 5, which is considered the best smart phone in today's time in a lot of ways. But then again going for a 30 K phone ? 
is it really worth it ? 
What does the n5 have that this phone doesnt ? 
Is there something wrong or missing in this phone ? O_o 
 
Questions u need to ask your self before buying this phone: 
 
1. will a 4.5 screen be suffice ? i think its perfect ! Also, its a full HD Display ! 
2. No NFC , hardly makes a diff but some users might want em 
3. 6.5/10 Camera, Not as good as the nexus 4 &amp; 5 but definitely can shoot some good pictures in good light, remember you're paying a lot less for this phone. 
 
4. If you've been familiar to devises running on 2GB you'll know the difference but then again.. with 1 GB RAM. you'll be surprised how well this instrument multitasks (quad-core) it doesnt lag, slow down or crashes ! 
 
5. IT HAS A RADIO O_o ! most phones dont have radio. 
6. Internal memory only, but SUPPORTS USB flash drive via micro usb connection 
 
Overall the phone is a BOMB! its got a great body ! good to hold.. feels tough, unlike samsung phones today (yuck !) 
Quad-Core Cpu ! 
Water resistant nano coating ! ( check out on youtube : Moto G: 30 Minutes Underwater! 
by Erica Griffin) 
 
I say this phone is 4.75 / 5! for the price you're paying 
 
Im certainly happy with it. for 12500 ! its a brilliant phone Expecting good 2 Yrs life on this phone.The best phone in the range of Rs 12500 - Rs 20000.i got this phone like a month ago and the phone is working like a piece of cake, the phone is absolute awesome, it does not hang or lag, every game I've played works smooth, the guerrilla glass is promising no problem even when dropped many times it's sterdy, nice body work fits in hand just perfectly, in call voice clarity is also good, mp3 player is given by google and has an awesome voice clarity and it's freaking loud, supports all kinds of ear phones, camera quality is nice, not that good in low light but satisfying, flash is strong which makes low light photography better, the sensors are great google sky maps works great, you get an immediate Android update to Kit Kat, many people say that the phone does not works good with Kit Kat but those are rumors I am using Kit Kat since many days and no problems have occured. If you want a phone within the range of Rs. 15000/- this is the best phone you can get! Hats off to Motorola and the service of Flipkart, got the phone on the third day of the order!Loving it!.HI I have been using MOTO G for 12 days now and here is my feedback 
 
-Camera you might think is poor as you first lay your hands on, but if you turn-on the HDR option it is much better, even in dull light moto returns good images. 
 
-Music i think is poor, but you can buy a decent 800rs earphone if you are getting a phone this cheap. 
 
Display and speed is immaculate, i don't think I have seen better display in any other cellphone. Kitkat, android 4.4 was updated automatically on the first day. 
 
Battery will last 2 days if you use little internet and messengers....wow!! isn't it. 
 
Specific Settings are a little difficult to find, but i hope i will get used to it. 
 
I have even loaded it with 7-8 small games and 1 bulky game, but it still runs as fast as the first day, and my phone is 8GB( i think is enough, its not a PC afterall) 
 
When you use MOTO G, you get the vibes that it has been intelligently designed. Loving it loving it. 
 
I am loving the phone and people in my office keep asking about it, I would recommend it to everyone and only threat is that it should not become so common that every second guy has it.My respect in the family has gone up - Read the complete review to find out why.It may not have been accompanied by the flash and razzmatazz of a flagship phone launch, but the Motorola Moto G is still a huge deal, in both senses of the phrase. It's the first handset launched by Motorola in India since it was taken over by Google; and it costs just less than INR 15 k for an impressive specification. 
 
The 4.4.2 update brings a few changes. The phone dialler has been changed and you can now bring up contacts quickly via the numberpad by simply entering any string of letters or numbers that appear in that contacts name or number. For example, typing 766 will bring up any contact with POO or MON in their names, or any contact whose number contains that string of numbers. You also get intelligent caller ID, with the phone searching for unknown numbers and providing you with information based on that search, so you have some idea who it is before you answer. 
 
Android 4.4 also supports the new version of Hangouts which combines your instant messaging and SMS apps into one, though you still need to switch between these two streams to keep track of all your conversations via both. 
And most of it can be found on the internet using this same phone. 
 
Delivery &ndash; 10 / 10 
Time to deliver 10 / 10 
Customer Delight &ndash; 10 / 10 
 
I bought 6 pieces of this little monster &amp; it was a gift for my dad, sister, friend, cousin. 
 
My respect in the family has gone up &ndash; not because of the phone(no doubt its cool) &ndash; but the timely delivery.Motorola made a comeback.I wanted a Motorola Phone and being a fan of Google I bought the phone as Motorola is currently owned by Google. 
I liked the features.Its the best phone available in the price of 12500-14000 
Google and Motorola share the same philosophy as being the pioneers in their respective fields just that Motorola has made a comeback 
Happy with my new phone 
I have vowed not to buy Samsung again.Atleast not till the time they become more worthy of the price that they command 
Smartphones are changing everyday and everyday something cheaper and better is being made available in the market 
Thanks t Google for Giving 50 Gb of Google Drive/Cloud for the next 2 years 
But my Earphones sent along with the Motorola phone is not working which is real bad 
The phone has good Specifications : 
1 GB Ram 
4.5 inch Screen 
1.2 GHz Processor and 
and a minimum of 8 GB of Rom 
 
The worst part about the phone is its screen.It is so bad that my eyes ache after sometime.They should work on the hardware.I corrected the brightness bu there is no proper protection for eyes in most phones .Manufacturers must address this problem because my eyes are more precious than a smartphoneConsidering the price I'm 200% satisfied.I have been using HTC and Samsung products for more than 5 years. Moto G, at this price, makes me think that both HTC and Samsung have cheated me all along. The specs, the feel-in-hand, the smoothness, getting latest updates almost immediately, the screen resolution, dual sim, etc. etc. everything ticks in favor of Moto G. One must really hold the phone in it's original black cover to feel the premium-ness of moto G. It feels way way premium than phones that are more than double the price. On the negative side, and a big one at that, is the lack of option to add SD card. Come on Motorola you give HD camera and then not give the option of an SD card or in-built 32 or 64 GB storage robs the fun. Almost every week we have to transfer all the photos and videos to the PC and then select the photos that we might use or see daily and then keep them in the phone and delete the balance, phew. Yes there is an option for 50 GB storage but with the kind of internet rates prevailing in India, especially 3G rates, it doesn't make sense to have cloud storage yet. I would have given 10 stars but for the storage.Indeed an exceptional phone.At the very first, thanks to flipkart for surprising quick delivery. Some how I was able to order 16 gigs Moto G on the very launch day and I got mail, mentioned my order will be dispatched week later as its been OutOfStock. So ordered on 6th Feb, expected delivery will be 17 Feb, knowing that it was making me restless.. Damn.. And then on 1 day later in afternoon I got call from FK guy.. be the proud owner of Moto G among very few in India. 
I felt I was on steroids. 
Now coming to Phone, I'm mesmerized with its elegance. Moment you'll hold the phone in your hand You 'll get to know why its exceptional. Salute to the craftsmanship and bow-down to performance in such tidy budget. Nothing comes closer to it. Its been a week I'm using Moto G.. playing high graphics games(Asphalt, Dead Trigger, NFS, Real Racing 3, FLC) with no lags.. watching HD movies to stunning details.. Sterling factor while listening music.. Voila to camera.. overwhelming UI experience and hats off to all day long battery... 
Bottom line.. EXCEPTIONAL.. The Best Bang for your BUCKS!!More than value for money.I bought my Moto G three weeks back from Flipkart. So I've got some time to use the product before writing the review. Like many reviewers of this product (across the internet) have noted, this phone is indeed great value for money. The &quot;missing&quot; features like NFC, LTE don't mean anything to me since I don't use them. 
 
I like the (relatively) compact size of this phone - it fits into my hands nicely. I suggest buying the Motorola grip cover. There's no fear of dropping the mobile once you have this on. It also makes the buttons for power and volume very accessible. I've been using flagship HTC phones and this &quot;downgrade&quot; has been a pleasant surprise with respect to form. 
 
The other things I liked are the display and the availability of the latest Android (I fiddle with bit of programming so this is very handy. It's much more easier to test Android apps on the device than the so called simulator that freezes my laptop). 
 
Now, the cons. My main concern is the quality of voice when the signal is weak. I don't know how it compares with other phones in the same price-band but I'm talking from a perspective of having used phones that cost 3 times more. I know it is not a fair comparison. However, if you're someone who's used to HTC Ones or Samsung Galaxies and thought &quot;hey, why spend so much money when Moto G seems to be a good deal&quot;, then you may want to check out the voice calls before buying. It is still a Rs.13K phone and I don't expect anything less on the basic features of the device. 
 
Overall, for anyone whose budget is around 13,000 or even less (stretch a little and buy it, you won't regret it), this is a great product.High end phone at surprisngly low prices.I had ordered Moto g 16 GB on the launch day through Flipkart. As always, Flipkart service was excellent. You get a normal headphone, 2 pin charger along with the handset. 
 
Here are some of the summary points: 
Pros: 
1. Build quality: The hardware quality is very good. It is sturdy and looks nice. The android OS is very efficient and impressively smooth. 
2. Audio: Call quality is excellent and speakers are very loud. 
3. Multi tasking: Very easy to do 
4. Processor and RAM: In day to day usage and gaming, I haven't experienced any lag till now. You get 882 MB RAM out of which around 650 MB is utilized by android plus the apps I have downloaded. Still the phone performs very well as the quad core processor is very powerful. 
5. Storage: You get 12.92 GB of storage out of 16 GB, which is more than enough for 1000's of audio files. 
6. HD screen: Watching HD movies, trailers on this phone is a great experience. 
7. Keypad: It is easy to use and comes with swype feature. 
8. Google Now: Give voice commands to your phone for setting alarms, reminders, search for restaurants, movies and lot more with this incredible app. Eagerly waiting for Kitkat update of this app which enables to use this app from homescreen. 
9. Resistant to water and very durable. A youtube video shows it to be still working after being put into water for 30 minutes. Don't try this at home. :P 
10. Battery life: Better than my earlier galaxy phone. It lasts for around 26 hours when you use wifi and apps at frequent intervals. 
11. Dual sim feature is pretty useful. It supports only micro sim cards. 
 
Cons: 
1. Camera and video recording: Camera is average but I think day pics would be of standard quality, and quality of recorded videos is not good. 
2. Motorola was bought by Lenovo recently. So I am a little skeptical of after sale services. 
 
All in all, a great grab for people who want to buy an android smartphone at a low price. Samsung galaxy series, iphone have very tough competition in the market now. :)DONT THINK TWICE JUST BUY IT!.I had purchased the Moto G first in Feb but returned it before the product was delivered cause i was in double minds. I read and re-read 100s of reviews, many positive and a few drawbacks..but i was really unsure! Problem was if i wanted to own a motorola, esp after having been a Nokia user almost all my life.. except with a few very bad experiences i had with a sumsung phone! Good news is, even though it took me another month to make up my mind, i ordered the Moto G AGAIN. Very very generous of Flipkart for bearing with my order-cancel-reorder tantrums! I ordered it on 27th morning..and viola.. was at my doorstep on the evening of 31st March! Since the day its been here, i havent been able to get my hands off it. Came with jellybean out of the box so i had to upgrade it to kitkat. But guys if any of you are in double minds like me whether to buy it or not...the just go for it, dont think again! Superb features for the price, infact more. Very smooth, touch is great, i am pretty happy with the camera..i dont know why everybody is complaining so much..its below 15k for crying out loud. Its google BTW (or atleast was).. so i am sure you would agree with me if you also have got your hands on the Moto GWater repellent coating.Motorola's back, and it's kicking off its global smartphone revival with the keenly priced Moto G handset. A mid-range handset with a low-end price. 
                    Well at that price it has the likes of the Samsung Galaxy Fame, Nokia Lumia 520 and LG Optimus L3 2 for company, but dive into the spec list and you'll note the Moto G wipes the floor with them. 
                          The Moto G features a water repellent coating which means you'll be able to whip it out in the rain without fear of a short circuit, but it is not waterproof - so no jumping in the pool with it. 
The 2070mAh non-removable battery housed inside the Moto G is claimed to give you all day battery life,Indeed it has. 
The Moto G comes with a 4.5-inch, 1280 x 720 display and boasts a 329ppi pixel density. To put that in some perspective that's a bigger, higher resolution and more defined display than the iPhone 5S - not bad for a handset which is a third of the price. 
                          Of course a HD display isn't the only key factor in a smartphone, but Motorola has managed to equip the Moto G with a 1.2GHz quad-core Snapdragon 400 processor and 1GB of RAM. 
                             The camera on the rear of the Moto G is only 5MP.Preatty awesome feature of click -hold-collect.Exceptional Phone for sure!!!! Hope to receive exceptional service as well..There is absolutely no question with the phone built &amp; quality. The questions comes with the service. Will Motorola be able to provide exceptional service as well?? 
 
Here's a short review after using 8 GB version of Moto G for 3 days. 
 
Pros: 
Amazing scratch resistant display 
Fast &amp; Smooth (Able to play high end 3D games smoothly) 
720p HD slow motion video capture quality is awesome. 
Battery life is way better than any other android handset. 
 
Cons: 
Upgrading to Android Kitkat may bring some problems. (My second sim was getting disabled automatically.) 
Camera quality is average, but not really bad. 
The power button on the right hand side of the handset slightly wobbles. 
Headset &amp; charger provided is of low quality, but again you cannot expect better at this price range. 
 
For people who are having SIM card issue: 
Please try to insert a new sim keeping the phone on. Now take it out and replace by your original sim which was getting disabled. This should resolve your problem &amp; you wouldn't face any further issue. 
 
However for new buyers i suggest, DO NOT UPGRADE to android kitkat version until Motorola launches the ultimate package upgrade.Moto g. Smartphone redefined.Well first of all I thank Motorola from core of myGaming for making this wonderful smartphone. This smartphone has got only positives and perhaps no negatives. It just blows competition in its segment. No other phone upto Know by Rd 20000 can compete with this. This phone has got both hardware and software at perfect places. It has stock android interface which is much better than lSamsung bloated really. Now coming to display which is absolutely stunning. Colours are so vivid and lively like galaxy s4. It has got gorilla glass 3 which is found in high end devices like galaxys4 which are triple its cost. Antutu benchmark score gives result of 18000 which is more than nexus4 and same that of s3. Processor and ram r both sufficient and powerful. Gaming performance is better than s3 as moto g has got powerful graphics chip. Camera takes very good and detailed pics in daylight and average pics in interiors. My suggestion would be to use an another app from store for camera. Battery backup is another strong point of this device. Rest assured don't have 2nd thoughts over the decision about its buying. I assure u that this would be ur best value for money purchaseBest deal in years....Buying of electronic items amuses us isn't it? What if the electronic item like a mobile or a camera or a television which matches your requirement &amp; desire presents itself such amazingly...Moto G has all the attributes (Including its pricing) to attract anyone to own it. 
 
I was looking for a phone since last 2 months &amp; electronic goods tends to outdate in not more than 2 months. So, its better to buy something new &amp; fresh. I zeroed down on selecting between Moto G &amp; Asus Zenfone 5, after reviewing massive online database on these 2 phones. Both phones were to be launched in India in Jan-Mar period. Moto G was launched 1st giving it the first player advantage &amp; massive critical acclaim. 
 
I bought it bcoz of the launch day offers it carried &amp; had it not been a launch day purchase for me, I would have opted to wait for some more time until the arrival of Asus Zenfone 5/6 &amp; later compare these 2 products before finalizing. Indication to all those who haven't bought the phone on launch day, bcoz the effective pricing after considering the offer, was lesser than 14K (for 16 GB model which I bought) on the launch day. Now the effective price has gone up... 
 
But still the phone is worth all the bucks you spend, rather worth more than the bucks. However, an advice for those who haven't bought it on launch day: If you are not in a hurry, you can wait until another good phone like Asus Zenfone arrives in the market (this is the period of new launches). 
 
However, since I have now bought this phone, I will give it a full 5 since I don't have anything else to compare it with (I am not comparing it with iPhone or Galaxy Note as the league is different altogether) &amp; when you compare Moto G with phones in its league..WOW 
 
3 Cheers for Moto G 
 
Update: Got my KITKAT 4.4.2 Update on my Moto G....This phone ceases to amuse.... 
 
3 Cheers for Flipkart 
 
Update: Got mail regarding the Offers promised during purchase on launch dayAn amazing buy for an amazing price.I ordered moto g 8 gb variant (as 16gb is out of stock). The phone is the highest end phone in the low end phones. Build quality is excellent. It is sleek and is easy to hold even if your palm size is small. The matte finish on the rear of the phone provides nice grip. The glossy corning gorilla glass 3 adds an nice look to the phone but it attracts smudges and fingerprints. 
Coming to performance, I played pretty graphic intense games like Asphalt 8 with &quot;ultra&quot; setting and there is no lag. Though there is a slight jittering,but it is hardly noticeable. 
Battery backup is also very good when compared to other phones in the price range. With medium usage you can get upto 1.2 - 1.5 day backup. 
Coming to camera, outdoor shots are good but indoor shots with low lighting conditions produce a lot of noise. Anyway don't expect a good camera for this price. If you are looking for a good camera, you can get a nice &quot;point and shoot&quot; camera for this price. 
This doesn't come with an expandable memory card slot but google gives free 50GB space on google drive for 2 years. 
LTE and NFC are not supported by this phone. 
Motorola recently rolled out the Android 4.4.2 Kitkat update. 
Overall if you are looking for a budget smart phone go for it. It is actually more than a budget smart phone.nice phone.. waited for a deal like this for 4 months.phone is good .. perfect for everything 
LOOKS :- looks are amzingthe plastic used is the same used in expensive phones (usually by sony) 
first processor:- processor is hell good.. its 1.2 ghz but the snapdragon and FOUR cores make it almost as perfect as titans like nexus 4 , 5 and htc 1 mini... AND FAR BETTER THANS4 MINI s dual core 
ram :- ram is also pretty good that is 1 gb , first if u keep ur phone clean u can easily play very heavy games with this much ram easily..even s4 mini is giving 1.5 gb ram at 19 k.. this will surely not hang ur os.. but if u want this 12k divice can help u play very heavy games by only switching apps off when not in use because of the processor!! 
display :- no phone is offering 1020 hd display under 20 k 
camera :- 5 mp and 1.2 rear .. now this u need to understand by ending lines... why the camera is also pretty good 
android :- 4.4 best not even phones which worth 25k have it 
BRAND :- now these features are offered by phones like micromax but these phones are not hyped by every1 for a reason .... companies like micromax karbonn etc DO NOT PROVIDE QUALITY looks and durability...like u have a camera of 8 mp which will give results of 5mp or even lower(mostly lower) as compared to branded companies 
motorola as a brand:- motorola is owned by google. the company which owns android and nexus so quality of these phones like micromax which get thier stuffs all chinese CANNOT BE COMPARED. 
only brand which provides u quality and specs GO FOR ITExcellent Buy for Good Price point..Pros : 
 
1. Better battery: Lasts more than 1 day with moderate use of (2 hours voice calling, all day 2G internet use including frequent watsapp use and gmail sync enabled, 1 hour candy crush game play, 20 mins music playback) 
2. Satisfactory Display : Sunlight legibility is better than Samsung Galaxy S3, Indoor visibility is excellent 
3. Better call quality and loud speaker sound(better than Samsung Galaxy S3) 
4. Superior H/W in the price range available. 
5. Updated to JB 4.4 and battery back up increased and minimum RAM uses. 
 
Cons : 
 
1. In 8 GB version only 5.52 GB is user available, which is a big let down 
2. Camera is average. i use the default app for camera. May be the apps available in play store will compensate for it. 
 
Conclusion : It is best buy in the 15K price range. All the available phones in this price category will sweat to even come close to the SW and HW provided by Motorola. 
 
Welcome Motorola to India. Best of Luck for future. 
 
Thanks to Flipkart for bringing this to India. Keep rocking guys. Good luckMOTO - G Experiencing Premium Class phone at affordable price..Display (HD) looks pretty good. 
Touch screen gives smooth touch feel 
Its build is Nice, easy to hold and back cover has smooth finish. 
Battery usage is good enough to hold for more than one day of normal usage. 
Placement of keys is little different volume and power button is on right side of phone. 
In 24 Hours of usage no lag observed in performance point of view. 
Sound clarity is quiet good up to 75% of volume while listening to music via loudspeaker. 
Even Though motorola provided ordinary looking headphone sound clarity and quality while listening to music is superb 
 
Moto Migrate is an installed app and it helped me to transfer all phonebook, messages, and other setting from my old Samsung Pro to Moto - G and it reduced pain and time for me. 
 
No data cable is provided with package. 
Headset provided is normal and not a earplug. 
Charger is quiet small and similar to iphone charger. 
One who is used to work on customized android version in Samsung will feel little disappointed with less software function but no problem all required functions can be easily downloaded from Play Store. 
If you are looking for perfect camera phone then don't go for Moto -G because 5 MP with LED flash is not upto mark in indoor and with lights and outdoor photographs looks normal. 
 
If you missing expandable memory then there is a solution you can use OTG Cable and use your pendrive as a storage. 
 
Verdict: 
   No phone is perfect and all will have its own flaws Moto - G is a best phone with all required Hardware and only phone that have guaranteed upgrade to 4.4 kitkat and only phone that have Corning Gorilla Glass at this price. 
Go ahead and Purchase it.Terribly good....After receiving this phone I was super excited to hold it in my hand because I had lots of expectations with this phone after reading so many positive reviews about it... 
As soon as opened its box and picked it .... oooooh.. it was amazing... The build quality was soooo good ... I haven't seen such good built quality in any Samsung phone upto the price range of 40,000/- This phone has conveyed me a feel of having a really really good phone... 
Everyone know about its awesome specification which is just unbelievable in this price tag... Oh My God What a Phone.. in just Rs. 12500/- 
 
Now I m operating it since last 7 days and truly speaking I more than satisfied with this phone in all respects such as connectivity, battery backup, display etc etc etc.... there is no operational lag in this phone. I have downloaded a lots of apps and all are working just more than fine without any lag... 
 
Now I really feel pity about those who are still buying phones of higher price range... I think after arrival of this phone there is no point to buy any other phone. One can buy any other phone only because of two reasons: 
1. He may be a fool.. (Sorry to say...) 
2. He must have no time to read its positive reviews. 
3. He must have tooo much of money to waste for show-off.... 
 
ThanksBest mobile under 15,000 Rs..I am not here to discuss the specs because true geeks know that specifications do not matter. 
As of the user experience, 
It just works. The software is fluid and easy to use, though a bit dark so I would prefer TouchWiz, Timescape, or Optimus UI over it if they could be so smooth. 
All games work pretty good on this device and the screen looks good. 
There is some occasional lag but it is minute and not worth noticing. 
The device fits and feels good in in hand and water resistance is a plus. 
The 8 GB model was enough for me and for anyone who wouldn't use much apps so I ordered it. 
I do think that the camera could have been better and the ui could have been brighter and more colorful other than the holo theme of stock android. 
The pricing is amazing and it is the biggest pro of this device, and the pros far outweigh the cons. 
Alternatives that I have actually used - 
1.Samsung Galaxy Core ( the camera is better, the screen could have been better.) 
2.Micromax Canvas 2.2 ( It is really good in all aspects.) 
3.Nokia Lumia 720 (after the price cut) 
4.Xperia M ( it is fluid and has a good camera) 
5. HTC SV (works good, looks good)I got mine.. yayyayy....(updated).It happened so quick. I got my order confirmed by 00.13 hrs. and after 15 min when I check back to reorder, to book along with the cases as i missed to utilize the offer, BAM. everything is out of stock. It was really a great rush for moto G. But Flipkart should have been expected to it and acted accordingly. 
 
One more appraisal to Flipkart.. You are giving me super se upar surprises guys...! 
Updated.. 
 
After Using it almost all the time since the day I got it into my hands. I have some points to put forth.. 
1) SCREEN and Touch.. It does play great quality videos easily. I tried 1080P videos and playback flawless and neat. Touch is the most sweetest ever I used in any smart phone. It feels like butter smooth when you operate. I fell in love with the touch feel. 
2) Battery. It is such a worthwhile phone when compared to the other phones out in the market. Battery never leaves you all of a sudden. Even the last 10 % breathes for almost 1.30 hour. 
3) Performance. No lag till time except when you connect the phone with the local chargers, or some USB chargers(not power houses). It goes dumb when this unnamed chargers connected. SO DONT USE NO BRAND CHARGERS. 
4) Suprisingly, Charging the battery takes much time for in box charger while samsung/Lg powers it up quicker. and also the Moto charger warms up like hell while you are charging phone. There is no site of warming of phone though. 
The voice recognition works pretty good with the inbox supplied headset, but it does not when you use other headsets. I tried Skullcandy and Samsung. Same in both the cases. 
5) Water resistant. Yes It does work well for me. I found many times my MOTO got wet. still nothing prob with the device.Facing problem with MOTO G new purchase.This is sourabh dasare from Pune. I procured MOTO g from online services of the Flipkart on 5th April 2014. I got delivery in hand on 9th April 2014 evening by vishwas kadam- the delivery boy , He pick old phone from me. 
 
Issues : 
 
I have very big issue with MOTO G , the cell phone is not getting connect quickly, it took more time to connect people . regular Beep tone then ring is not happening . Call is connecting directly but over after few more seconds rather than regular seconds. 
 
When some one is calling from other side same issue is happening no one could get connect easily no beep, direct contact and after some time range gets disconnected. 
 
This is happening when i call to someone and someone calls to me. 
 
To over come this issue i tried following things : 
 
I talked to VODAFONE customer care as well. And check Both SIM with other mobile also. 
 
I switched off mobile and restart two -three times Still it not working 
 
I switch airplane mode and restart but still facing same problem. 
 
Other issue : 
 
 It is not charged rapidly ,take more than 3-4 hours do not support more than 2 hours 
 Cell is getting hot when , surfing on you tube , regular social website specially when downloading is going on 
 
Issue : Where is data transfer cable ??? This is missing in kit , your sailing mobile at 12000/rs and not able to give 200/-rs cable ??Groundbreaking Value for Money.Moto G is not the best handset in the market. It has her own hiccups, specifically for those using handsets from Samsung, LG, Sony or Apple. Most of the stubborn disadvantages lie in the UI of the handset. At the same time, it may be noted that most of us are not habituated in Kitkat yet. The glitches, therefore, may be due to upgraded OS too. Without taking much of your precious time, I am placing the Pros &amp; Cons straight-way. 
_______________________________________________________ 
Pros: 
1. Awesome Built Quality 
2. Excellent Bright Screen that does not pull the battery to its knees. 
3. Gorilla Glass Protection, retardant to fingerprints. 
4. Good Picture/Camera Quality (Yes, you read it right) 
5. Fast, Fluid UI with Great CPU &amp; GPU performance. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------_______________________________________________________ 
Cons: 
1. Buggy, Ugly &amp; Unfamiliar UI 
2. Low Internal Memory for 8GB version 
3. Disgusting visible search bar (Kitkat it is) 
4. Expensive Acessories 
5. Memory not expandable! 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
Overall, you get more than what you pay for. You are not going to repent if the 'Cons' are not that significant to you. MotoG wins for ground-breaking Value for Money offering.Great value for money!!!.I have now been using this phone for 10 days and till now the experience has been pretty good. 
 
Mentioned below are some pros and cons- 
 
Pros: 
 
1.Great hardware performance- No lag experienced, works great in multi-tasking of emails, sms, phone calls and social apps like LInkedIn, FB, whatsapp etc along with gaming apps. 
 
2.Excellent battery life: I am an average user with usage of voice calls of around 45-60 mins a day and average use of FB, whatsapp, office email, gmail and texting with lets say 15-20 mins of gaming...the battery last almost 30-35 hours 
 
3.Great Display- Cant ask for more in this price range. Great clarity and viewing angles 
 
4.Call quality - I have seen in some expert reviews that the call quality of MOtoG is not good. But per my personal experience it is above average and I have not experienced any issue with call clarity so far 
 
5.External speaker sound output is good- With decent base and treble. Nothing like a Chinese phone 
 
6.Gaming - Great for gamers...I have played temple run2 and subway surfer without any glitch or lag. Great experience 
 
Now lets discuss some cons- 
 
Cons: 
 
1.Camera: Below average pictures in low light...even with flash on, the noise is pretty evident in the pitures. Average performance in daylight. Can't be used as your primary photography device 
 
2.Notification Led: Very small in size...difficult to pick under outdoor natural light 
 
3.External memory: A lot has been discussed about this in other reviews...will not dwell further. Although OTG is a relief 
 
4.Stock android: The stock version of android is very light, with some basic features of other phones missing...Samsung or HTC users will find it a little uncomfortable to use initially and may have to install a few apps to restore the balance...having said that for pure android experience, MotoG is a great phone with no bloatware... 
 
All in all a great package of software and hardware...If you are not a photography enthusiast and can do with 16Gb of internal memory, look no further than Moto G!!!How can you do this.....Motorolla how can you do this...i thought only non branded phones can be sold cheap...i was going to buy such a non branded one (Micromax A114/A110)...I Almost ordered one just before the moto g launch hearing some rumors that the price will be around 14K range....but something inside me told not to buy the MM and i cancelled that order.... waited for the launch....shocked when heard the price ....amazed to see the response of buyers...ordered an 8GB version on the 12 noon launch session....delivery promised on 13th,got it on 11th...Thank You Flipkart... 
This is a phone for you if 
1. I you are earning every penny hard and want to spend it wisely 
2. Only believes in Samsungs(or any other brands higher end models) flagship models which are above 30k range 
3. Want to have the best and latest that an Android can offer 
...............................Now about Moto G 
Pros..... 
For just 12499-13999 range every feature in this phone should be a pro... 
 
Cons 
For the given price range u should not be searching for any....Just buy..enjoy 
 
Thumps up for worlds first mobile manufacturer....great come backMoto G 8 Gb.Ordering: Very smooth. Low number of choices limits confusion. 
Delivery: I used the 1 day delivery hence it was great to receive it the next day. 
Unpacking: Low amount of packaging. Small neat box. Just Power cable. 
 
Starting with Moto G: 
Motorola Migrate was super cool and I could migrate to the Moto G in no time. 
Assist is also a good utility. 
 
Regular usage over last 2 weeks: 
 
Pros: 
1. I can install quite a few apps even on a 8Gb device. 
2. Performance is smooth for games like Cut the Rope. 
3. Youtube playback is great over WiFi and 3G. 
4. UI is simplistic and very similiar to Nexus 4 
5. Can install almost any app but avoid the heavy ones. 
 
Cons: 
 
1. Over regular usage with Dual sim observed 1 recurring problem: 
Both SIMs get disabled sometimes without my intervention. This is mysterious and I realised it only when I stopped receiving calls and email. 
2. Skype is very irritating. Most of the times Video is not shown. Recalling brings up the Video. 
 
Overall Recommendation: 
At this price? Probably the best Android phone you can get your hands on.Superb product.Folks buying new smartphones may go ahead and buy Motorola Moto G, its a steal at this price. 
Review: 
I have been using it for a few days now and it is not a flagship device but it does perform like one because it was designed with google and a very decent combo of specs 
Multitasking: 
no lag whatsoever, throw anything on it and it wont disappoint you. It beats nexus 4 in performance and benchmarks. 
Screen: 
A 4.5 IPS @ 720p with 326ppi, a clear and crisp with gorilla glass 3 with amazing viewing angles. 
radio: 
clear and loud call volumes with a loud speakerphone 
battery: 
you may need to charge at the end of 2nd day if you are a moderate user, heavy users may require after 24hrs. 
if you dont use internet then it will last for 3days. 
but you need to disable the google now voice recognition or else it will drain the battery even you leave it idle, well this goes for nexus 5 and moto X too. 
camera: 
a nice front cam with face recognition and a decent rear 5mp with HDR. 
at the end of the day moto G is a winner over all budget devices available under 20K and you might not need a PC for documents viz spreadsheets, excel, ppt etc. the only drawback i think is no sd slot. it comes with 8/16gigs.MOTO G.&quot;What a set!&quot; My reaction as i unboxed the moto g! and &quot;oh my god!!&quot; as i got my hands on it! 
Seriously awesome i mean i'm thinking about my expectations for the mobile under 14k iu can laugh on myself! and MOTO JI is one of the finest sets i've touched. 4.5 display, clearity for this price range is brilliant and i havent applied any screen protector up until this review, for last couple of weeks, and it is still scratchless, fluency of the display is mind boggling. 
and KITKAT 4.4.2 runs smooth on it, for only these specifications i would say it is worth 20k! 
plus interface, google has been in indian markets for long now and with variants like nexus and moto g, it gonna hold for realk long! trhe only thing that &quot;i heard about&quot; is pushing moto g back ios the camera, 5 mp rear and 1.3 for the front and i want to say that camera awesome for the 14k device. I have taken few pics i wish i could have uploaded here, are quite good in the quality, though mobile lacks the expandable memory slot it is still good for thoise who want real stock android experience. Once get your hands on it and i guarantee you wont hold back with other sets. (except for the nexus and iphone!)Awesome phone.. complete value for money.Have bought it on the launch day... i have 8 GB model.. 
Motto G is by far the most complete value for money smartphone. The software &amp; hardware are very good. Battery life is decent for light to medium use. My battery lasts for day and half with constant GPRS and 20-40 minutes of calling each day. The kitkat upgrade also happened very smooth. 
Earlier I had used Samsung Galaxy S One which used to hang often but Motto G runs pretty smooth.. haven't restarted it for over 20 days. 
 
One limitation is the camera which sucks in low light however in daylight the camera is capable of capturing very good pictures with sharp colors and details. 
Another drawback is inbuilt battery which caused problem to one of my friend as his battery drained completely and he was not able to get it charged using charger. If battery drains completely, the normal charger is not able to infuse charge in it and it has to be taken to service center to remove battery and charge it. So never let your phone die. 
 
Last but not the least, flipkart delivered the phone within 24 hours after ordering :)Pretty Good.I have already used a Galaxy s3, Nexus 4. 
 
Though I miss the ubiquitous options the touch wiz has, I have to say it does not seriously dent the performance. If anything lack of touch wiz increased the functionality. I have a 8 GB Moto G not the 16 GB. So the firmware takes only 3 GB unlike nearly 5 GB in S3. Next, even though I have downloaded almost all apps it is still nearly 1 GB lower, I am guessing these are the un-uninstallable Samsung Apps. In total that is 3 GB there. 
The battery size being similar, in standby, i.e. when the screen size becomes irrelevant, the Moto G only consumed 3% over 10 hrs vs 10% for S3 over similar settings - Wifi and phone were on, but every other communication channel off. I browsed 6 hrs in two days and without offing in between and after two days there is still 20% charge left on the phone. 
Of course this could be the new 4.4.2 Kitkat, that the phone immediately upgraded itself, working here. 
This is only good, my S3 is still stuck in 4.3 Jelly bean. 
 
The photos are not something I will comment on, because I could not tell any difference. 
However, the rubberized back is something I love in this new phone. Not to mention the how well the smaller screen size fits in the palm of my hand. I still have problems with my S3 regarding size after nearly 2 years. I find it very difficult to hold to the ear. And some goes for my Nexus 4. I found no such problems with Moto G. 
 
The gorilla glass 3 felt extremely smooth under the fingers. 
 
I am giving a 4 even though other reviews have criticized the absent of microSD slot, NFC, and of course poor camera. 
Poor camera seems to be problem for all stock android and moto G is not alone. The micro SD would have been usefull if I don't have a laptop, or usb drive, or an external hard drive, or a data cable. Since I have all those. 
The only complaint I can make is: 
 
Why wouldn't you give a data cable with a smart phone? Its not costly. 
 
I know Google has its reasons to divest, however, if Motorola can consistently deliver such products in future, Lenovo will be one lucky buyer. I probably would have paid a little more for the phone had I had the chance to have a feel of if before I bought it. This is something Lenovo can work in the future, Even with the 30 day return policy I would have been comfortable with a physically handling the phone before the purchase. E-commerce sites already have the cost advantage over brick and mortar shops. Why do you need a exclusive agreement.Awesome phone!.I had a tough time moving away from my Blackberry and I failed twice with android phones before. Once with Samsung and once with Huwawei. With Moto G I have finally migrated successfully and there is no going back. 
 
The important factor in Moto G is that its not the best phone available in the market, but Google has given a phone that is an absolute gem for the price that I paid. All the right things - voice quality, decent battery life, stock Android OS, all of the features is spot on for a guy who spends most time on the phone along with a bluetooth headset. 
 
Battery stays for about a day, mostly because internet always on and I am on the phone for about 7 hours a day. On weekends i get about 32 hours before I have to charge again. 
 
I didnt see any of the issues that others reported with the kitkat OS. I actually bought two phones and it works perfectly fine. 
 
As far as gaming goes, temple run 2 had absolutely zero lag on this phone. Thats as far as I have been able to test. 
 
Flipkart has set the standards in delivering before committed time and they went one step ahead and delivered it on a Sunday, after I had placed the order on saturday!!!! 
 
All in all, good phone, good service from flipkart. KudosMoto G (Does &quot;G&quot; means great here!) :).Every mobile mfr. in this world wants to take the prime share of this huge &quot;Indian&quot; market. 
Okay...so Google has got all the 3 weapons now - 
 
1. Mass market Android OS : 
From Lava to XOLO...from Karbonn to Lenovo - all now running on Android. 
 
2. Nexus Series (Smartphones &amp; Tablets) : 
The premier &amp; ultimate &quot;pure android&quot; (optimized hardware &amp; software) experience. 
 
3. Moto G: 
What a device and most importantly what a price quote!!! 
 
This is what you get...even in your tightest budget - 
 
1. Stunning display with sharpest fonts. 
2. Powerful hardware specification (yes this includes Adreno too!) 
3. Button less interface (minimalism ?...yes) 
4. Dual Sim support for you busy professionals and flirting experts ;) 
5. Again a semi &quot;pure Android&quot; experience. 
 
I ordered two of these and I'm using the same (including all the tweaks &amp; developer options) - for the last three days. 
Trust me, no flaws were spotted...everything is almost &amp; absolute perfect :) 
 
Good job Google and cheers to Motorola :) 
 
----------------------------- 
 
Please note : 
************** 
 
The above review is from a hardcore &quot;Apple fan-boy&quot; who is using all the models/gadgets (for the last 6 years) - of the world's most valuable company.An Absolute stunner of a phone at these price points..I am an apple legacy product user. The constrained and bounded ecosystem is almost ingrained into my technological psyche. Decided, after much deliberation to migrate to android. and lo behold, motorola decided to launch the perfect device suited for me and my requirements at the most perfect time. 
 
I have been using a 8 gb variant for a month and a half now and it has been a great, great experience so far. this phone looks a premium smartphone straight after the unpacking. The first phone after the nexus devices and GPE(play edition) devices to get kitkat, 1 gig of RAM(which seems a tad bit low at times but it is perfectly fine for a casual user like me), Quad core Qualcomm processor at a jaw dropping price point, OTG support out of the box, decent battery life; the list of cons outweighs and outnumbers the list of cons by so much that this is a steal. 
 
However, if you are looking for a stellar camera, lower your expectations, it does perform quite well in natural light and ambient conditions but the same can't be said about it in low light conditions. 
People who have been claiming that the google selling motorola to lenovo and potential lack of customer care options and after sales service should know enough that such deals take years to be finalised and lenovo knows better than to tinker with the design team of motorola. 
 
Also as a side note: 
1) if you are on kitkat/manually update to kitkat, enable DEVELOPER OPTIONS by tapping the android build around 7/10 times and then enable ART instead of DALVIK. although in beta, it still supports almost all apps and makes your phone smoother. 
2) buy an OTG cable if you are worried about low internal storage and then use ES File Explorer. 
3) sideload GOOGLE NOW LAUNCHER(now my default launcher), which is available as an external APK and that will give you voice activation from homescreen and so many nexus features that people have been craving for. 
 
All said and done, this is a game changer as far as smartphone market is concerned and I would without any reservations or hesitations would suggest to buy this.Very Satisfied..Phone was delivered within 2 days - kudos to flipkart. 
 
Coming to the review part, i was bit skeptical while opening the box. When i opened the box i could see a simple yet stylish phone. It doesn't look normal trust me, it looks way&gt;&gt;&gt; better than samsung shits. Then, i looked at accessories, i saw a cheap 20 bucks ear phone, but i don't care about the ear phones as i have an awesome skullcandy earphones. Then i turned on the phone anxiously, i could see high pixel density screen which is slightly pinkish. I feel it solid in my hand, better than nexus 4 actually. Coming to responsiveness, you can feel the difference between high end devices and moto g. Its not super smooth, but you can manage, infact I am not bothered at all. Opening application takes little more time compared to nexus counter parts, if waiting for 0.3 secs pisses you off, u can empty your purse. Unlike feminine Samsung phones, this looks very solid and manly. If you are more Blackberry kinda user who is more concerned about functionality rather than unnecessary features, pick it up right now. 
 
Cons: Less Responsive compared to high end devices, common there has to be some trade off right?? 
No NFC, LTE etc ( we will need some time to get there, by then we will move to our next phone ;) )Awesomeness !!.First to begin with, My order has been delivered in 2 days. Superb delivery by Flipkart. 
Secondly, The packaging was excellent. No problems whatsoever in the unit received. 
Now coming to the mobile, It was a great experience. Top Notch build quality..I agree its a little heavier compared to other mobiles..but it feels solid in hand. 
The Display is phenomenal for the price. You hardly find any difference in display quality unless you place it side by side with a 1080p display. 
Battery life is more than what I expected....&quot;I couldnt kill the battery within a day,&quot; with a little music, an hour of gaming session and a few calls and data. 
Storage is confined to either 8 or 16gb, but it can pass here with the USB OTG support. 
Camera is more than decent in daylight conditions..but a tad bit dull in low light conditions. 
The device ships either out-of-the-box with Android version 4.4(KitKat) or 4.3(JB) with an immediate update to 4.4 after you connect to data. 
So overall...the mobile gives you more than what you pay for it !!Do not worry 8 GB buyers.. :D Here's it for you. :D.Hey guys... I know that we are disappointed. Yes we all are. And don't worry this is not a consolation review or something like that. But just think again. This 8 GB version is OTG supported (see on youtube). That means you can plug your USB drives on this for extra storage. Think about it. What do you need extra memory for? Maybe movies or other audio stuff. OK take some extra efforts and carry a 15 grams pen-drive with yourself :D Think about it this way... you pay 12500 Rupees for a Moto G. Shell out other 500 rupees and buy a 16 GB Pen-drive. So this way, you get 24 GB of storage and still saved 1000 Rs. Ok, i know you will not be able to install apps in those 16 GBs but ok... That's a sacrifice you could make... you can just install the apps you really need, the music that you really listen and stuff you really do on the phone and dump all your stuff in the USB Drive. Come on, you still availed once in a lifetime offer and saved 1000 rupees as well. Moreover, You can get 100% cashback too :D So Don't worry, just cross your fingers guys..:D Peace~ 
 
PS: Just an year ago, we all were satisfied with the 8 GB non-expendable storage of Lumia and Xperia phones. They didn't even had OTG support and we all were living just fine. :D and of course, the specs are way more advanced in this little monster than those ex-flagships.Absolutely Practical phone. Good Value for Money..After lot of research, I decided to buy Moto G. My earlier Phone was Samsung Ace Duos which was good too. But last few days it started giving some issues hence decided to buy new phone. My basic requirement was good sturdy phone. Also my Budget was 12-15K. 
 
I had extensively gone through the reviews of some of the phones on FlipKart. I am not too much tech savvy hence was looking for phone with basic features like voice clarity, user friendliness, durability. 
 
I ordered from FlipKart ( didn&rsquo;t use exchange offer as I wanted to keep my old phone too ). Phone was delivered in 2 days which was a surprise as FlipKart mentioned that standard delivery takes 3-4 days. 
 
I am using it for a week now and it&rsquo;s absolutely fantastic. Very fast with no lag time. Crisp voice clarity and easy to use functionality. Internet speed is bit improved compared to my earlier phone. All the applications I use are quite smooth. So far I haven&rsquo;t faced any issues. Also the phone is lot sleeker than what appears on website which was pleasant surprise. 
 
There are more advanced phones with amazing features at high price. But if you are looking for good features and bit of style at this price then this is definitely the phone to look for.BEST VFM PHONE TILL DATE! FLIPKART SHOULD PROVIDE THE 75% OFF ON COVERS TO ALL THE PEOPLE WHO PURCHASED THIS PHONE.FLIPKART SHOULD PROVIDE THE 75% OFF ON COVERS TO ALL THE PEOPLE WHO PURCHASED THIS PHONE,IF THE OFFER IS REPEATED THE NEXT TIME. 
 
Phone : 
I have been using an iPhone 5S along with this one,and can boldly say, 
This has been the best secondary phone ever,that can be. 
 
8gb is enough for people who are thinking of using this phone as a secondary phone,just for a quality dual sim phone along with the primary premium phone. 
 
To say the least,its much much more than the hype itself. 
 
At the current price, 
ITS UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST VALUE FOR MONEY PHONE,CURRENTLY AVAILABLE. 
 
IT CAN PLAY ALL HARDCORE GAMES,ex. ASPHALT 8 
And also can play FULL HD Videos. 
 
The best accessory along with it, 
Is definitely a USB OTG Pendrive. 
 
It not only detects the pendrive quickly, 
but also syncs all the songs and videos to the Audio players and MX player,Video Players,Gallery.,etc, with any further effort. 
 
We just need to plug in any otg drive 
and bang on,it detects it as an external sd card instead of usb storage! 
Therefore, we can even put in the large game files creating an ANDROID/obb folder inside the otg drive itself. 
 
My suggestion : 
Go for the Sandisk 16/32gb otg drive with this phone.My respect in the family has gone up - Read the complete review to find out why.It may not have been accompanied by the flash and razzmatazz of a flagship phone launch, but the Motorola Moto G is still a huge deal, in both senses of the phrase. It's the first handset launched by Motorola in India since it was taken over by Google; and it costs just less than INR 15 k for an impressive specification. 
 
The 4.4.2 update brings a few changes. The phone dialler has been changed and you can now bring up contacts quickly via the numberpad by simply entering any string of letters or numbers that appear in that contacts name or number. For example, typing 766 will bring up any contact with POO or MON in their names, or any contact whose number contains that string of numbers. You also get intelligent caller ID, with the phone searching for unknown numbers and providing you with information based on that search, so you have some idea who it is before you answer. 
Android 4.4 also supports the new version of Hangouts which combines your instant messaging and SMS apps into one, though you still need to switch between these two streams to keep track of all your conversations via both. 
 
And most of it can be found on the internet using this same phone. 
 
Delivery &ndash; 10 / 10 
Time to deliver 10 / 10 
Customer Delight &ndash; 10 / 10 
 
I bought 6 pieces of this little monster &amp; it was a gift for my dad, sister, friend, cousins etc. 
 
My respect in the family has gone up &ndash; not because of the phone(no doubt its cool) &ndash; but the timely delivery.Best in mid range segment.Performance 
 
We didn't found any issues or lag while navigating the applications, opening multiple browsers or watching videos on you tube. Moto G is powered with 1.2 GHz quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with Adreno 305 graphics and 1 GB RAM. Moto G comes in two storage capacities 8 GB and 16 GB. We have 8 GB device with us which has only 5 GB memory left for the user. While other specs are more than expected for this price range, low user memory can be a constraint for many potential buyers who want more storage capacity to keep larger applications and games such as Asphault 8. 
 
Moto G is powered by 2070 mAh strong battery, I used Moto G for couple of days with full day internet usage and playing games such as Temple Run and Polar bit racing. Battery backup was good and still 64% of battery was remaining at the end of the day. 
Speaker of phone are loud enough to rock a small room and sound is clear even at highest volume level. 
 
Areas of improvement 
 
1. As we now know there are no capacitive or hard buttons on front panel , still there is a space under display at front panel. Back, home icons are placed at the bottom of the display for which we feel this space could have been utilized. 
2. Less user storage in 8 GB variant. 
3. No option to set custom ringtone from your music library. (you have to move your chosen ringtone to ringtone folder and then you can set custom ringtone). 
4. No USB cable comes with the box. You have to buy one to connect with PC. 
5. Camera of Moto G is just average and lacks that wow factor in it for which we were looking for. 
 
Verdict 
 
As I said in starting Moto G is one of the best phones available in market for this price range. Adding to that it is one of few devices that runs on latest Android KitKat version. 
In terms of User experience, build quality, performance and battery backup Moto G scores high , however lower user memory and average camera performance are only concern for us which is manageable for the price range and other specs. 
 
Moto G is aimed at large number of customers who are willing to spend around 15K for a decent phone which makes a larger chunk for smartphone market. 8 GB version is available on Flipkart for Rs 12599 and 16 GB version for 13999/-. At this price no other phone comes near to Moto G as of now. 
 
Overall Moto G is a value for money device , if you are aiming to buy one go for 16 GB version its worth to spend extra 1500 bucks and even wait for sometime.My son loves it.. me too.I was happy from the moment the phone reached home. It came in 2 days though the site mentioned 5 days for delivery. 
 
Pros 
Compact, easily goes into your trouser pocket 
Beautiful display and colours 
Very fast 
Nice photos 
Good speaker, can hear songs well in a small room 
Kitkat 4.4 (though they claim 4.3 only) 
Can play games well 
Grip cover is very good (got it at additional cost) 
 
Cons 
Front camera is not great 
Memory restriction, you cannot add later 
service centre (they dont have even one in the capital of Kerala, the nearest one is in Kottayam which is 100+kms away) 
 
I had earlier used HTC and Apple 4s. I feel this is better than Apple 4s - Dual SIM, can easilty transfer files (no need of iTunes) from computer , able to detect the wifi from my bedroom (which 4s wasn't), better download speed, bigger screen, charger is same as samsung phones. 
 
My son (9 year old) who plays his games in mini ipad likes this phone also to play his favourite games (hay game, despicables me). I asked him how many stars should I give, he said 100 stars : )Its an Awesome phone....Hi guys, those who dont know me,,,, i m a lil phone geek and have used all sort of phones of all price ranges.. 
 
i ordered this phone on 6th feb itself on flipkart and was lucky enough to get my hands on both, a 8gb and a 16gb model. Delivery ... as always was fast and reliable.. my phones reached me 8th feb along with the flipcover. 
 
when i opened the case... my mouth was floor dropped... it was a sturdy looking good handset with nice feel in hand and no sign of cheapness as often flaunted by the low end samsung phones... 
 
the config at this price is simply awesome.. 
 
you getting a brand with a older gen of snapdragon.. well the name snapdragon is enough to describe the chipset and processor... many will argue that micromax and karbonn are giving the same thing but grow up... its a brand and that too a google owned brand (though now lenovo brought motorola from google) 
 
comming to display.. its the best fab feature of the phone .. its simply stunning and this phone as got the display of a much higher segment.. 300+ ppi... it matters... 
 
camera... its a very good shooter of a 5mp.. its clear both in outdoor and low light conditions.. have been using the phone since 8th and i personally love this device.. 
 
LAST and most important to the indian market.. BATTERY..... well it lasts about a day with heavy use of internet, calling and also CLASH OF CLANS for around 2-3 hours....A month experience with MOTO G and FLIPKART.Flipkart: Satisfying customer care service, quality service. the best I have experience so far in online shopping. 
 
Hands on Moto G: A month experience with both the 8 and 16GB and I can tell you it is worth of its value, better than any of the brands in its price segment.(PS; Compare the prices and specs always before you buy them, also read the feedback of common consumers to know about the user experience) 
 
Build quality: All plastic but does look premium, feels solid and well build. 
 
Design: The Moto G&rsquo;s frame is built around a 4.5-inch display, so compared to today&rsquo;s 5-inch flagship handsets, the device is relatively compact. It&rsquo;s not the best looking smartphone I&rsquo;ve ever used, nor is it the thinnest or lightest &ndash; the Moto G comes in at 11.6mm thick and 143 grams heavy &ndash; but the edges are curved to make it ergonomic. 
 
Hardware Performance: Inside the Moto G is Qualcomm&rsquo;s Snapdragon 400 SoC, which gives a quality performance while multitasking, Graphics-wise, the MSM8226 comes loaded with an Adreno 305 GPU running at 450 MHz, plus an LPDDR2 memory controller. (The combination of an Adreno 305 GPU and 720p display also seems to be good enough to run most 3D games at an acceptable frame rate. It doesn&rsquo;t deliver the same performance as on high end phones, and some games are unsupported on the Moto G, but the device could be perfect for the casual mobile gamer.) 
 
Camera: Average for outgoing and good for fun, the outdoor shots are far better than low end phones but the indoor results suffer from blur grainy and... The Moto G tops out at 720p video recording at 30 frames per second and 10 Mbps. Video quality is quite good, as good as you&rsquo;ll get from still shots in whatever conditions you&rsquo;re recording in, but the software stabilization option appears quite weak. Luckily, the camera is capable of quick exposure changes and autofocus, plus slow-motion recording sweetens the deal. 
I wouldn&rsquo;t describe the Moto G&rsquo;s camera as terrible, nor would I describe it as fantastic. In good outdoor lighting it&rsquo;s possible to get some half-decent shots, but it struggles most of the time while indoors. Of course, no-one ever expects a fantastic camera experience on an entry-level smartphone, and the Moto G&rsquo;s shooter will likely be fine for those who use their phone for the occasional quick shoot. 
 
Overall experience: 
Pros: Fantastic performance. Excellent value for the money. Great display is complemented by an ergonomic design. Decent battery life. 
Cons: Internal storage tops out at 16 GB, with no microSD card slot option. Camera is unsuitable for indoor or low-light photographyBest Mobile. Period..I ordered the 8 GB version on first day and received the same on next day. Recently I updated the software to Kit Kat 4.4.2. 
 
The biggest plus is the size &amp; Display (I know the display size liking is subjective). The mobile fits perfectly in the palm and very handy. The Display resolution (I believe 329 ppi) is said to be better than Iphone 5. I have not seen the Iphone 5, but this display resolution is great. Display is smooth and scrolling is great. Due to greathigh display resolution, the 4.5 inch display suffices for reading, writing etc as the clarity of text, image etc is great. I have free RAM remaining of around 200 mb, after installing 50 to 55 apps. And lot of them syncing in the background, like three mail accounts, all Google apps, news apps etc. But no lag was felt at all. 
 
The voice clarity is good. Wi Fi connectivity is good and catches even weak signal well. The MOTO Assist app is good. The display glass feel is superb and I believe its the best one can have in any mobile today. 
 
Of course it's the mobile where latest android, 4.4.2 Kit Kat can be experienced. I am sure it would be future proof also for any future updates to Android with the given hardware. 
 
I would say go for it at this price it is the best mobile that can be had.A perfect superior budget smartphone.After 2 days of handling this is my review... 
 
About flipkart: 
1.Thanks to flipkart to deliver the product very soon without any damages. 
2.Thanks for reopening stock at noon again for those who are not able to buy at midnight.. 
3.delivery and product--10/10 
 
Motog review: 
 
1.Dual sim: it's dual sim active not standby..both are micro sims..network signal is very strong for both... 
 
2.Mobile data : You can switch between mobile data of either sims.. A new option is available to restrict your mobile data. 
 
3.messaging and calling: Thanks to the individual options to select sim1 or sim2 while calling or messaging...an additional option to remember which one to use while messaging or calling.. 
 
4.Display: very smooth and bright display..the ambient light sensor work very fine when the display mode is in auto...at maximum brightness the battery drains little bit faster.. 
 
5.Camera: the camera is not very heavily built...but a decent one which can shoot good images during outdoor 
Shoots..camera ui is quite appreciable... because it doesn't have a camera button..they made a ui which makes you to feel like you are really holding a camera 
 
6.performance: the touch experience is very fluid. No lags even if u open 10 to 15 apps.. 
 
7.battery: this a quite built up battery for multitasking.. Battery lasts a day easily at any cost..even if you use for day to day activities like facebook,messaging, calls, gaming,web surfing,camera and so on.. 
 
8.updates: updates still to be rolled out..came with android 4.3 only.. 
 
If u want to buy a smartphone which is economic,efficient,aesthetic,upgradagable then motog is only option in the market.Worth each buck !!.I have been using this phone since last two weeks and I must say this phone is really awesome. This is the best budget phone ever. No phones under 23 thousand rupees bracket stands a chance against MOTO G. The best thing about this phone is the display is ubercool. The pixel density is 329 ppi which is 3 ppi more than iphone 5s. Sorry iphone lol ;D. The texts and pictures are crispy clear. The 1.2 ghz quad core processor let's you handle everything at a zero lag. The Adreno GPU 305 adds more power to the phone. Let me tell you I'm a game junkie and I have played dead trigger 2, asphalt 8, GTA vice city and other HD games in this phone without a drop of frames or any lag. The nano coating makes the phone water resistant and pretty much water proof. I have poured a bit of water on the screen side just to show off to my friends and everything was ok with it. Lol. Remember when you press the home key while playing a game and it takes forever the icons on the home screen to appear well I must say that's what I like most in MOTO G, even when I'm playing any HD game the moment I press the home button the icons appear in a millionth fraction of second. The battery life is decent. The camera is decent enough to take pictures for Facebook and all, but not for viewing in laptops. If you want better pictures buy yourself an DSLR. The HDR and slow motion video capture mode is awesome addition to the default camera app. The loudspeaker is loud enough to listen songs without headphones. It comes with KitKat upgrade out of box. I found mine one too. This phone is worth each buck spent for it. Don't give a second thought just go for it. You won't repent buying it. Oh and try buying 16 GB variant one, it's better to have more memory space as it hasn't got any SD card slot. In short it's low budget phone with high end specs, premium looks and zero lag. No con's except the non smudge free thingy and yeah average camera but in this price bracket no ones gonna give you away diamonds. For any queries feel free to mail me at abhilakhborgohain@gmail.com. Thank you FLIPKART for the well packed phone :DMotorola - the first company to produce handheld mobiles is back to India with a bang.My first and second mobile phones were Motorola C350e and Motorola L9. Both had stunning looks compared to other phones in the market at that time. was satisfied performance wise except only the battery where Motorola always failed to deliver. Hence people avoided it. 
 
But now they are back with a bang with an immensely impressive hardware at again an impressing low price. I don't see any other Mobile manufacturer giants providing 4.5 inch HD screen, QuadCore 1.2GHz 1 GB RAM, 305 Adreno Graphics, 16 GB hard drive space, 5 MP rear camera with flash, 1.3MP Front camera, Pure Android OS at a price of Rs 13999. 
 
Its going to give sleepless nights to Samsung, LG and other Android Smartphone manufacturers till they come up with all the specs at such low price. 
 
Regarding service of Flipkart, just want to say they were not prepared for such a response. When customers are eagerly waiting for a product especially a mobile, which the company is launching at only one platform and that with a single retailer, its their responsibility to fulfill the demand. Guess, flipkart's maths went wrong here. The product was sold in just 20 mins of its release at midnight of 6th Feb 2014. They assured the stock to be available by 12 noon, but again they were late by 30-40 mins here and the site even crashed sometimes with 404 and 503 errors.This should have been handled better. 
 
The delivery was fast. Ordered it on 6th Feb at 12:45 PM and got the mobile on 7th Feb at 11:30 AM.4 out of 5 .. from me.I placed my order on 21 Mar, 2014 and received my phone on 23rd Mar day end. so first of all kudos to Flipkart delivery system. Good Job. 
 
Now here is my review of product: 
 
Pros: 
#KitKat: latest Android 4.4, truly in how many devices today you see latest android that falls in this price category. biggest plus of this phone is latest android version 
#Awesome built quality which feels like unibody phone when in your hand. 
#Great Mic and speaker which gives good and loud sound quality. 
#Processor 1.2Gz: is on a higher side and you can play almost all high end games on this device. 
#Brand Value: &quot;Google&quot;.. anything named with google will be awesome.. at least that what I see. 
#1GB RAM: only very few mobiles in this price category have 1GB RAM. 
 
Cons: 
#5MP camera is just decent/average, this something what I felt. 3.5 out of 5 from my side. 
#Touch screen: on first day itself i try pulling notification menu down it didn't came down all the time. looks like some lag or touch sensitive break-down. 3.5 out of 5 on touch as well. 
#No slot for extendable memory card.. :( on 16GB device you will get only 12.9GB available for use. 
#No data cable.. again a sad part.. 
 
This to be noted: 
# This phone have 2 micro sim card slot. yes, micro sim card, both of them.Best In Class Phone!! Go For It....One Word: BEST. Its the best phone under 20K you'll get!! And google is also closing nexus range. This phone is on the peak of awesomeness. 4.4 KitKat Android, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 (NO SCRATCH GUARD NEEDED!!) Quadcore Processor Snapdragon 400!! Don't go for Micromax Magnus or any other phone in this range. They may have better features but Motorola is Motorola... Serving the best since 1928. 4.5 HD display is the PERFECT size, neither big nor small. Battery sometimes lasts more than a day. My advice: buy it blindly !! Some small features such as Face Recognition Lock, Motorola Migrate, Daydream will rock your phone. The camera is also good with panorama, multiple shots and HD Recording. Yes, some high end phones are offering VGA recording and this one has got a HD one. Battery is unremovable. That's a GOOD point. The battery is the main part of the phone. If your phone gets stolen or lost, just go to Motorola website and wipe-off the data of the phone and also find its location or give a ring. You'll never regret, I promise.What a good budget phone should contain.I ordered this phone on 1st day on the release day and I was really excited upon receiving the phone. It was delivered to me on Sunday and I used my entire day exploring my phone. Its a good budget phone from Google though now its a part of Lenovo but this phone was designed by Google. I simply love my phone. Like to give you some pro and cons 
 
Pro's: 
1. Very good phone under this budget. No other phone dare to give you under this price range. I am comparing it good branded phones such as Sony or Samsung 
2. Screen resolution and camera quality is very good. 
3. Got the latest upgrade of Kitkat from Google where other phones are still struggling for the same. Apart from this only Nexus has Kitkat till now 
4. Gorilla glass 3-No need of screen guard. 
5. I didn't notice any lag after using it for almost 20 days and graphics and other good quality games work fine with no delay 
6. Good processor with 1.2 quad core snapdragon processor which processes really fast 
 
Cons: 
1. No SD card support but for normal users 16Gb is sufficient.Still a great phone.I don't think I can add much of my own to the already overwhelmingly positive reviews this device has here. But I'd like to share a few points anyway: 
I switched to the Moto G from my barely 2 year old Samsung Note (the first Note), on paper this didn't seem like much of an upgrade since the Note was already a powerful device which fulfilled most of my mobile needs (video, music, gaming, social). But then, it was not very expensive, so I ditched the Note and got this little gem. 
And I'm glad I did. The interface is butter smooth, next to no bloatware (Bye Bye S apps, you will not be missed), and the phone just feels good in my hand. You can compare all the specifications you want all day long, but you can't argue with the sheer value for money you get with the Moto G. 
The only down-side side is the non-expandable and admittedly limited memory (Go for the 16GB guys, managing 8GB will be tough). I bought a USB stick for that, one of those Verbatim things that has a USB 3.0 port on one end and a micro USB port on the other. Works like a charm. 
One of the best tech purchases I've made this year, cheers to Motorola, welcome back.Moto G is a cool phone!.Folks, I love my phone! I feel it is a cool gadget. Great value for money. Everyone in my circle agreed that it looks like a premium phone and not a 14k phone...and it feels great in hand. 
Now getting to specifics, most of us (not counting the gadget enthusiasts) use a smart phone for a set of common applications that we are all aware of. And all those applications are available on this phone because it is Android KitKat and gives access to awesome Google products. I dont play games on phone so I am not worried about the power of the processor. But for these common applications, the phone runs really smooth! 
I feel I am carrying an evolved gadget! 
 
I dont need a 10mp camera, so I am happy with the shots Moto G cam gives for 5mp. Obviously it cant match upto iPhone or many other premium phones but I don't feel handicapped or I am missing a moment...this camera manages to capture all those moments. 
 
Plus there is water resistance too...its not waterproof, but will not die in a slight drizzle. 
 
So go for it! Cant get better than this!World in my hand.I got my moto g on my hand on 22-2-14, i ordered on 13-2-14 totally 9 days but its worth for waiting. packing was good thanks to flipkart and ws retail. 
 
After 1 week usage here are my reports: 
 
Battery : its stand for me 2 days or 1.5 days. 
 
Screen : clarity of the screen was really amazing at this price. its worth to buy. 
and touch is very sensitive. no lacking its very smooth. 
 
camera : 5 m.p ,, good ....lot of option to take picture. its very easy to handle. 
one main thing is we can switch it off the shutter sound. i really hate that shutter sound from mobile. thanks for given this option to moto g. and front camera not bad. but u can't unable to make video call.there is no option for video call from moto g. you can only use this for hangout or other messenger for video chat. 
 
Ram and processor : 1 gb ram its very fast to browse the web and playing game. 
about the processor no lacking or hanging. its very smooth working. 
 
Audio and video : speaker sound is was very decent. ringing tone are nice. 
but the headphone and sound quality is not good, so i'm using the Samsung head phone for listening music and making call. 
 
About the video its playing all video format ( I'm using mx player). 
 
Back cover: back cover was very nice its was plastic and rubber mixed. So its protect from scratches. 
 
Update to kitkat 4.4 : i got message to update kitkat 4.4. but i want to use this is current version for 1 month. later on i'll update it. 
 
Over all : Till now i have not facing any problem or error from moto g. i give 100 of 100 to this product. and i recommend to those who are looking for budget around 15000. this one is the right choice for you and your need. 
 
thank to flipkart and ws retail.Best phone ever.Was I initially angry at the phone being out of stock as soon as they came, Yes. 
More so, because I had asked to be notified by email when the phone became available and that notification never came. However Flipkart was nice enough to announce that the phones will be available again at noon and I waited and refreshed the page non-stop starting at 11:55 to make sure I don't miss out. 
I chose in-a-day delivery and had the phone in my hands next day afternoon. It looks every inch as awesome as the reviews tell it to be. I read somewhere that the phone is not very good to look at (compared to Samsungs and IPhones) .. Not True. I own a samsung and it looks like crap next to this phone. 
Positives : 
a) Battery life is really really good. I have been playing temple run , stick cricket and browsing the internet non-stop on the new phone over the weekend. I have had to charge it once (on Friday night) and the battery was down to 25% on monday morning. Not bad at all. 
b) Display is really crisp and clear. 
c) Android 4.3 is much better than the previous versions and the update to 4.4 will happen very soon. 
 
Cons: 
Camera is not really the best. Display comes out good, but the focus features leaves a lot to be desired. Its simple, sure, but the camera is a bit of a let down. But, for sure, it is good for the price. For a better camera you will have to buy over 20k phone.Awesome... Good value for money....I bought this phone 3 weeks back. Its giving a very good performance. I am highly satisfied with it. Earlier, I was planning to go for Note 3, which costs around 3.5 times higher. Now I am happy with my decision to go with Moto G (16 GB). No need to waste money for high phones like Note 3. I am very much satisfied with it. 
 
There are lots and lots of pros for this product. That's why I will not be writing about it. I just wanted to share some cons. 
 
Cons: 
1) Sometimes screen does not respond while charging. I need to swipe 2-3 times to open the lock screen. But this is also very rare. Once out of every 20-30 swipes. 
 
2) Charger has two PINs making it difficult to hold on any plug points resulting in spark. So better be careful. To overcome this, I bought multi-point plug that holds the charger PINs firmly. So, now no more loose connections. 
 
Other than the above two cons, everything is absolutely fine. 
 
So guys if you are searching for a good smart phone at reasonable price, don't think, just go for it. 
 
As I have already mentioned that I was planning for Note 3, now that much of money I have saved it. I will be using my savings for a new DSLR camera in the coming month. So happy happy...!!!!!Great Phone.Hello flipkart shoppers, 
i'll like to introduce and give review to MOTO G 
I ordered this on 11feb 2014 and i got this on 21 feb due to stock proble... (i don't mind it) 
I am very happy with this phone... when i got this phone i tried to use 3G mobile data but got problem.. actually that time i don't know that 2nd sim is for 3G and 1st one is 2G.. 
now i'll tell u why this one is better than others 
1. battery backup is great. 
2.display quality is great. 
3.inbuilt screen buttons. 
4.latest android version. 
5.motorola software whic is timely update their features and look (gallary look, boot time picture look, and camera look and a lot of security setting) 
6. great gpu. 
7. great processor 
8. 1GB ram 
9. inbuilt 16GB memorycard 
it's totally awesome 
i'm very happy with this phone 
if u r thinking that why i'm not talking about it's cons. then i'll tell u that u can't increase memory ,it's not a big problem just go for 16GB varient. 
and it's battery is not removable ,it's also not a big problem..Just two words - SHEAR BRILLIANCE !.Motorola you are back and back with a bang. I have bought 2 of these till now from Flip kart alone and still its demand is increasing among my family and friends day by day. 
 
&quot;It is the best value for money smartphone ever made&quot; (Keeping in mind the Nexus 5 also) And be sure you go for the 16gb version only. I still don't know why a 8gb version was even made. 
 
WHATEVER !! I highly recommend this phone. I am a passionate Nokia 3310--&gt;Nokia 1100--&gt;Sony W 200i--&gt;Nokia 6233--&gt;Nokia N 73--&gt;Nokia E 71--&gt;Apple iphone 3GS--&gt;HTC Inspire 4G--&gt;Nexus 5 user 
 
So trust me, its damn good and a steal for the price. 10571 Ratings in 3 months what more should i say ! Like our fellow friend MKBHD from You Tube said &quot;IT IS A LOW VALUE - HIGH END DEVICE&quot; 
 
P.S. You will be amazed to see the quality of Pictures taken by &quot;just the 5mp&quot; shooter. My Friend who uses a Sony Xperia ZR almost fainted when we compared his 13mp shooter with it. Even i was like OMG seeing the outdoor pics taken by Moto G.Over all very Good but has some negative aspects.I brought this phone couple of days ego. Filpkart service was excellent by their fast delivery and good packaging. About the phone 
Pros: 
1. Display quality is closely like high end super amoled display. Viewing angles are so nice. 
2.You will not able to find any bit of lag. I played asphalt 8, NOVA 3, are very smooth while running. Graphics details are excellent . 
3.Build quality is so premium. 
4.You can run almost all apps on the phone. 
5.Camera is decent. Outdoor photography comes with nice clarity. 
6.Android 4.4.2 Kitkat is a very nice experience. 
7.Sound quality is very decent, obviously its a mobile phone not a loud speaker. 
8.Can handle OTG Pendrive. I am using a sony's 32 GB. 
9.Just plug n play while connecting to PC/Laptop via data cable (yes I managed a Nokia data cable which is working fine) 
10.Gorilla Glass 3... quad core processor snapdragon 400 no other can give you in this price tag. 
11.Battery back up is moderate. 
 
Cons. 
1.charger and headphone quality is very bad. 
2.indoor photography you have to forget if there are no bright light. 
3.call sound clarity is not like samsung but exactly like nokia 
4.taking long time to charge the battery. 
 
**Flip cover from motorola is so so nice quality which samsung can not giveMOTO G..THE ULTIMATE SMARTPHONE FOR AN INDIAN BUYER.I waited 4 days after receiving the order to check every functionality of the phone as before buying the phone I was getting confused by reading the 1 star reviews(the problems the reviewers found).But luckily for me there is none for my piece.. 
1) First of all I like to thanks flipkart for the super fast delivery of the product,though I don't live in a metro city I received the product within 3 days of ordering..AWESOME!! 
 2) Taking about the phone like I said there is no fault regarding the design or the performance or anything else..battery backup is exceptional,audio quality is pretty good,phone look premium(at least a 25k) in hand..the only problem I faced is regarding the removal of the back cover...It's really tough to open the back cover(although you don't needto) 
 So anyone like me who is just confused by the negative reviews by others believe me guys it's just their particular model is faulty,overall the phone is just PERFECT.. 
 
So I suggest everyone to buy this phone as it has all the super cool things in a perfect price which a INDIAN needs... 
 
So lastly a big THUMBS UP for MOTOROLA and FLIPKART..Honest and Decent Review.Ive Been using my Motorola Moto G for over a week and i thought of sharing my experiences with all the people who are confused about buying it 
First of all Flipkart did a very nice job delivering the product way before the standard delivery date! 
I ordered this phone on March 27 and got it on March 31st (standard delivery:4th april) 
 
Considering the price bracket this is a super cool phone and delivers an equal performance to almost some of the flagship phones and Moto G specs are kinda similar to Galaxy Grand 2 specs too!! :) 
 
Pros: 
1. Display - It is too damn cool! Youll have to See it to believe it 
2.Kitkat - Well i think the phone having KitKat out of the box doesnt have any bugs in it while updating JB to Kitkat raise probs for customers... if u get KitKat which u will get most probably then you will love it! 
3.Good RAM and GPU ran every game i installed buttery smooth! (NOVA 3, TDKR, DEAD TRIGGER 2, ASPHALT 8) 
4.even though camera is just 5MP it delivers decent images and flash is good and the front cam is nice for video calls! :) 
5. it does have some similarities with Iphone and it looks really cute 
6. Lovely Notification Light! :) 
7. All Day battery 
 
Cons: 
16GB only :/ since the high end games are eating more storage space u will only have 16GB :/ and in this 16GB only 12GB is available :( 
 
......... 
other than this... Moto G is a super cool Android phone.. if u like a phone which fits in ur hand and in your pocket then go for it.. 
I was at first had a great dilemma whether to buy Canvas Magnus or MOTO G ... 
and Im happie that i chose MOTO G (moto g has better performance too) ... go for it you will never regret it! :)Worth the Money very well spent.I ordered this phone for my wife looking at the positive reviews received. I did look at some unboxing videos on youtube to have a closer look at it and the features. 
 
I will tell you guys, this is the best phone money can buy in this price bracket today. I was stunned to see the display quality and crispness of text of the screen. No crapware loaded like how Shamesung, Micromax and other vendors loads onto its mobiles. Plastic quality on back is top notch. Dual Sim option is too good to be true. Bluetooth 4.0 , Gorilla Glass 3 at this this price is unbelievable. I wont go for any screen guard now, Flip cover is sufficient for protection. Screen guard takes away the display experience you get. KITKAT v4.4.2 comes preloaded, that's just awesome. The Notification center is very nicely done. 
 
Cons: 1.The Camera is average, but I don't expect it to be top notch at this price. 
2. There is no data cable included to connect it to PC for data transfer, it's so ridiculuous for Motorola not to provide one. 
3. The accessories for this phone are so exorbitantly costly, you can check in flipkart. 
 
Overall, this is by far the best android device I have experienced till date. And this is the last mobile from Google so don't miss one. Motorola is no more Google, it's become Chinese Lenovo. So go for Moto G with closed eyes. 
 
Very Close to Pure Android experience is what you get. 
 
Regarding performance I did experience little lag on certain games. But not a dealbreaker by any means. 
 
I wished Google had not sold Motorola to Lenovo. Not sure of the aftersales and service support now after the deal.Re: after sale service.@ Krishanu Saha 
the after sale service will be provided by Motorola, Motorola is now owned by Lenovo and i did find some service centres listed on official website. if you have issues 
 
the cell does support OTG but you will need to update it to 4.4 which is already available 
 
Note to all : 
the box does not contain the wall mount charger or any headphone. it only has a USB cable which you can use to charge from your laptop or PC. however you can get a wall mount charger easily. there is no dedicated navigation key and you get the navigation key on the screen itself (i personally dont like that unless you use 5 inch screen) 
you cannot insert external memory card 
 
also my friend has a moto G play version and there is issue with call quality voice, although other party can hear u loud and clear the imcoming voice over the speaker is not good and tends to break or get muffled. i did also search on net and it seems like a common issue with many ppl. 
 
If motorola can provide good service to customers, this is a killer cell phone at this price 
the hardware specs (besides screen size) are same as galaxy grand 2 and at almost 8000 INR lessMoto G - Serving the Niche.Cons (more of nitpickings) 
1) With a large number of phones with bigger screen size on offer, Moto G seems to be smaller than what it actually is. 
2) An inch of critical space wasted below the screen which is of no use. 
3) Length by breadth ratio higher than the usual phones (gives it a different distinct and cool look though) 
4) Non-detachable battery 
5) No SD card expansion slot 
 
Pros (what caught my attention the most) 
1) Screen definition is just awesome. 
2) Installed huge games and played them with ease. 
3) Despite the camera being said of relatively low MP I found it to be quite good. 
4) The latest android update and its UI is just great. 
5) Motorola seems to have patented awesomeness in sleek designing. 
Final take: I don't buy high end smart phones knowing that they will get outdated in terms of software and hardware in few months. I am a fence sitter who just like to remain up to date with the evolving specs of smartphones on offer and suggest value for money phones to peers. Moto G has been able to serve potential customers who want higher spec smart phones but don't buy it cause of the 20k+ prices. Moto G offers these specs at a price which is depreciation proof for at least an year.best buy mobile under 20000.I was waiting for this phone since Dec 2013.So finally when it was launched in India on Flipkart in Feb I wanted to grab it as early as possible but decided against it bcoz I wanted to see how it fares in Indian Market,how it competes with its competitors ...Also I waited for MOTO X official pricing...and decided to buy MOTO G 
 
One thing you realize when you hold this phone is the build quality,its excellent ,its curved back feels awesome in hands.Display on this phone is superb.Texts,videos,pictures look sharp and crisp on 720 x1280 display 
 
1.2 ghz quad core CPU performs really well.There is no lag at all,Online video streaming,gaming is smooth thanx to Adreno 302 GPU 
 
Speakers are also decent.Many people are complaining about the camera quality like why it 5 MP and not 8 MP.The 5 MP camera on MOTO G performs better than other 5 MP camera's in market.(I compared it with LUmia 625 and Galaxy quatrro). 
 
For 14000 its a great buy.If you are looking forword to buy MOTO X think twice.Why would you want to spend 10000 extra Yes it has better features but its not worth spending 24000 rupees when you are getting equally brilliant performer at 14000 
 
If you havent still bought it...GO AND GET IT..Value for money ... premium looks :).This is the first time I have ordered anything from Flipkart.com I must say they deliver product in time as they commits... Now my reviews on MOTO G ... After using this beauty wid brain from last 2 weeks ...I am happy till now... I would not talk here about the specification at all because U all know this... So, I will just Share my views on how it works after u boot the new Moto G for the first time... 
 
     PROS... 
1.	The first time you boot this device you will find a very bright screen with very nice Moto Logo ... which looks great i must say. 
2.	Previously i was using Micromax and sony xperia series phones but moto g battery is much better and long lasting for me. I used it for whole day while listening to music and using wifi etc but moto never disappoint me till now. 
3.	Camera quality is very good 5mp camera works great in daylight and night mode also. 
4.	Wifi works really good on Moto g. 
5.	Games works great without any lag till now ... 
6.	12.95 GB internal memory is sufficient trust me u will not disappoint with this I have stored may HD videos and few HD movies some heavy games but still i am satisfied till now. 
7.	Moto assistant app works great must say i have transferred all data from my micromax canvas music in jst 20 to 25 minutes. 
8.	I got Android 4.4.2 kitkat version pre-installed so i don&rsquo;t need to update it ??? and it works really smooth guys. 
 
 Cons ..... 
1.	For those who love to listen music on head phone u guys need to buy new headphone 
because the headphone come with Moto G is very pathetic ??? I use JBL headphone. 
2.	 The LED Notification light only show one colour which is white ??? So for different notification like whatsapp , facebook , charging etc u can&rsquo;t change the LED notification 
Light color even u use Light Flow app. 
3.	The Phone book is very much complicated to use. 
4.	Pre-installed widget is very less u need to go to settings all the time to change anything. But it can be solved by using different apps available in play store . 
5.	No data cable provided by Moto G which is unexpectable with 14000k phone... they r not using data cable and charging usb concept ... which is disappointing for me. 
 
So, my final verdict for moto g is ... Go for it because u will nt get better premium quality phone on this price ... *****Back with a BANG!.ordered in 31st march,got it on 2nd April... good service by flipkart. now... about the phone... i used the motorola defy before and i loved the freedom it offered. i could afford to forget my umbrella whenever i want. i did not have to keep my phone laminated lest it got banged up. thereafter, i went for a lumia, loved it and at last got this. 
 
PROS 
 
1 the build quality is like a rock. 
2 decent battery(lumias last WAAY longer, i stutter to think this is supposed to be one of the better droids in this department) 
3 nice display. bright and punchy. 
4 back covers are changeable 
5 stock android makes it very responsive and fast. minimum bloatware 
6 comes with a charger! 
7 WOW factor! 
8 the camera(although lots have been said about it being inferior) is one of the surprisingly quick tools in this droid! opens up in a snap, and fires shots like an M4, till you release the trigger! I liked it! 
9 doubles up as paperweight! 
 
cons 
1 stock android, so no facebook integration in contacts. 
2 battery life, well, i expected more. 
3 lower bezel could have been thinner... looks odd 
4 if this doesn't end up being the big comeback for moto, we are all gone! 
 
overall 
 
dont waste you time, buy it!A candy-bar for every one !!!.Firstly a big wow to flipkart..booked my phone on friday 11pm and got it on Sunday 4pm..once again a big wow...n i got kit-kat version ... 
 
now coming to moto g(16gb, kitkat).. 
 
im using this phone last four days &amp; experienced some pros n cons... 
 
not going to the hardware detail, u can check it on specifications.. 
1. awesome display treat to your eyes. 
2. UI is buttery smooth, responsive too. 
3. batt is average 1 day with mix usage. 
4. built quality is very good...it will give you a feel good sense. 
5. tough i am not a game addicted, but played subway surfer,trample run2 found no lagging for a single micro second. can run 5-6 app at a time without any lagging. 
6. gorilla glass 3 ..a big wow !!!! 
7. speaker is loud. 
 
now coming to the cons.. 
1. Im facing attachment problem in yahoo mail. i cant see most of the yahoo attachment in my moto g, tough some attachments are visible. dont know whether this is a problem of moto g or the os i.e kit-kat...If some one facing the same problem kindly let me know. 
2. camera os average( its not important for me as i dont use my mbil for photo shooting). 
3. cant find how to send songs via bluetooth to other mobiles. or how to move the files received via bluetooth. help me if you know.. 
4. batt should be at least 2700mh. 
5. call quality is average. 
.........................................but the bottom line is this is the best phone under 18k price range...so go for it...n njoy...my rating 4.5/5KitKat tastes really sweet.My Moto G Review &ndash; 1 month on 
1. Design &amp; Build 
- A tough rugged phone. Build quality is amazing which gives a good feel holding. 
2. Display is pretty awesome. 
A 720p display at 4.5-inches works just fine. Moto G has a pixel density (PPI) at 329ppi to 326ppi on the iPhone. Moto G is every bit as impressive as the Retina Display. Browsing the web, looking at photos, watching videos is an excellent experience on it. 
3. KitKat tastes really sweet 
 Pure android experience on a budget phone. It exceptionally smooth and looks professional. 
4. The Camera is not that awesome, however it won&rsquo;t let you down 
a. Outdoors with or without HDR on , pics look great 
b. Slow Motion camera provides great videos with good quality 
5. Battery life &ndash; The best part of the phone	 
1.	With Wi-Fi connected, facebook logged in, synced my goggle account , battery came up to 1Day 18hrs 39mins 29sec and still 2 % battery was left. 
2.	Without Wi-Fi, mobile networks connected, no activity on the device and device screen turned off, battery did not even reduce 1 % even after 8hrs. 
What you won&rsquo;t get 
1.	NFC (near field communication) , believe me you are not going to use it even if you get it. 
2.	Expandable memory option 
3.	It does not give a notification when you connect a Headset 
4.	Always use only a compatible charger as the screen becomes un-responsive while charging 
 
A few recommendations: 
-	With USB OTG option available on Moto G, you won&rsquo;t feel lack of expandable memory 
Finally, 
Googlerola is a good Smartphone with an outrageously low price and is the perfect combination to deliver Android to billions of people worldwide. 
-	As Flipkart says, An Exceptional phone at a exceptional price.Moto G ( Dual SIM ).Hi, i have using moto G since last 2 months and facing problem of call connectivity though i got replacement of moto g with same new handset moto g from flipkart due to issue in call connectivity. Still the problem goes on in new handset as well as its having inbuilt kitkat version. Loosing data connection as well in regular intervals. Not having file manager function which commonly found in all types of handset. Niether able to Send MP3 files via bluetooth nor able to send by any means of sharing application like wats up etc. FM function is pathetic, band could not able to change from headphone switch, for every time you need to change the band from using phone. Contact database missing the function of SIM Card and phone memory, for saving new contacts its not asking whether to save in SIM or phone same is for existing contacts. 
Battery is a concern, while charging battery its taking too much time for charging. 
Likes in the phone is Touch and Looks, Speed but when it gives me problem of call issue then its all worthless. 
 
I wish that flipkart and vendor will replace the handset of anyother comapnt if they are not interested in refunding the money.Great phone but with some glitches....I wanted to buy this phone on the launching day because of the overwhelmingly positive, pre-launch reviews and feedbacks but could not grab it as it went out of stock in a few minutes. Later, I thought of waiting for sometime to read candid, ground level reviews from the actual buyers. Although I was unhappy with the limitations like lack of memory slot and un-detachable battery yet I was impressed with the positive feedbacks and user reviews spread all over the web and other media after launch. After considerable amount of research, I found that this so called &ldquo;economic yet feature rich&rdquo; phone beats lot of other phones with price equal to Moto-G or 7 to 8K higher price phones e.g. Galaxy Grand Neo. Being a Google device was the cherry on the cake. So finally, I decided to order this highly reputed phone (16 GB version). As usual, Flipkart did what it is best at......delivering at lightning speed i.e. within less than 48 hrs from the order placement. I think Flipkart is unbeatable at this front so far. 
 
Now, coming to my own firsthand experience with Moto-G. I just received it today and haven't explored much of the features but listing some initial observations below:- 
Pros: 
1. Though its just 4.5&quot;, it looks big which means you can flaunt it among your peers who carry Galaxy 
S3/S4 and still remain in the limelight. 
2. Display quality is good and touch is smooth. 
3. Pictures are of superior quality. 
4. Built-in FM app which is not usually available with big phones these days e.g. Galaxy S4. 
5. Most of the high end phones do not support Dual SIM whereas Moto-G does which is value addition. 
6. So far performance looks good. Will post updates, if there are any significant changes. 
 
Cons: 
(These are some disappointing things that I could not find or missed to see in reviews before purchase and can impact your decision of buying this, so read carefully&hellip;) 
1. Though smaller in size but it is heavier than Galaxy S4/Grand Duos etc. 
2. No data cable included in the box for data transfer. 
3. Earphones provided are cheap and hard, you expect a better and softer earphone for a 14K worth phone from Google. 
4. Earphones do not fit fully in the earphone jack, this causes FM app to continuously popping with the message &quot;Insert earphones&quot;. (Looks like a defect) 
5. The phone can not show/use the contacts from SIM phonebooks straight, you need to extract them first (even a Rs. 1500/- phone can do this easily, not sure if there is a legitimate reason behind this) 
6. No in-built app for Facebook. 
7. White coloured earphones and charger do not match with a black coloured phone. 
8. No physical Home key button. 
9. Return key is placed on the left side instead of usual right. 
 
Having said that, I would not say that this is a bad deal as you are enjoying business class seat for an economy ticket but surely there are some glitches that could have been avoided. Will be exploring this highly reputed gadget further and post any future findings. 
 
Thanks, 
AshishTruly an exceptional phone at an exceptional price!!!.Been planning to buy this phone since it's launch on Flipkart. And the exchange offer made available recently just sweetened the deal. Traded in my two year old Samsung Galaxy Y (GT-S5360) for this baby and I must say, this is definitely my best buy online yet!!! 
 
I purchased my previous phone just to see the hype bout Android devices and really liked it. But low internal storage &amp; memory hindered the experience. Not to mentioned being stuck with a OS version 2-3 generations old. 
 
Been thinking of an upgrade for a long time and there are plenty of choices out there. But if like me buying a phone above 15k - 20k makes no sense to you at all, then there are very few choices left. 
 
But Moto G has definitely redefined the rules for the mid-segment smartphones. For less than 15k you get a phone with a 4.5&quot; 720p HD screen (the first best feature you notice), really good hardware if not the best, coupled with the latest Android OS (KitKat 4.4.2). Also unlike those other monstrosities, Moto G is just perfect in size and fits in your hand like a glove. 
 
So, overall if you want a mid-level smartphone that truly allows you to take advantage of the latest Android OS without spending a fortune, the Moto G is the phone for you. 
 
Also, very good service by Flipkart!!! Keep such good offers &amp; promotions coming... :DPowerful machine for reasonable price !!.I was waiting for its launch since the announcement about its launch in India. 
Following are my views about the phone. 
 
Pros: 
1. Value for money(Descent hardware coupled with good software) 
2. Very fast for day to day activities as well as it will not let you down for playing games as well(Asphalt runs butter smooth on it OMG!!) 
3. Descent battery for a day+ use. 
4. Good looking. 
5. Good picture quality considering the 5MP shooter. 
6. Dual SIM(must have option now a days) 
7. Indian version comes with good length charger. 
8. Official KITKAT update. 
9. Very stylish and colourful back panels. 
10 Good Speaker (both headset and music) 
 
Cons: 
1. Charger should have been the USB data cable(you have to purchase datacable now). 
2. Compatibility of some software after KITKAT update(Call Recorder stops working). 
3. Stock Android experience. 
4. Basic camera app(you feel lack of preset options). 
 
Overall this is a descent phone for a price its available on Flipkart. 
I will recommend it to everyone whoA TRUE CHAMPION IN REASONABLE PRICE..........TOTAL VALUE FOR MONEY.HI FRIENDS....YOU MUST BE PLANNING TO BUY THE PRODUCT IF YOU ARE READING THIS. SO DON'T WORRY, THE PHONE IS A TRUE BEAST. I HAVE PLAYED A LOT OF GAMES IN THE PHONE, ASPHALT 8, NOVA 3, NFS MOST WANTED, ETC, BUT THEY ALL WERE LIKE SUPERB IN THE PHONE. MY MOTO G CAME WITH A 4.4.2 KITKAT ANDROID VERSION OUT OF THE BOX. I TOO HAVE A XPERIA ZR AT HOME AND I CAN DEFINITELY SAY THAT THE MOTO G'S DISPLAY IS BETTER THAN THE ZR. THE PERFORMANCE IS 5/5. I HAVE USED IT FOR OVER A COUPLE OF WEEKS, AND HAVE NEVER SEEN A LAG. THE CAMERA IS A BIT DISAPPOINTING, ONLY A 5MP SHOOTER BUT IT DOES TAKE GOOD PICS IN DAYLIGHT. IT IS ALSO ABLE TO SHOOT 720P VIDEOS, A GOOD THING. THE LOW LIGHT IMAGES ARE NOT THAT GOOD. THE FRONT CAMERA IS VERY NICE I WOULD SAY. THE CAMERA INTERFACE HAS NOT MUCH OPTIONS. THE USER INTERFACE IS STOCK ANDROID, WHICH HAS MERITS AND DEMERITS. BENCHMARKS WHICH I TESTED WERE:- NENAMARK 2-58.1 FPS, ANTUTU BENCHMARK-17071, QUADRANT-8751. THE BATTERY LASTS ABOUT A DAY. THE CHARGER AND HEADSET PROVIDED ARE NOT AT ALL ACCEPTABLE THE USB CABLE IS ALSO NOT PROVIDED. I WOULD SAY THAT FOR SOME PEOPLE THE STORAGE OF 16 GB MAY BE LESS, BUT FOR ME IT IS ENOUGH. THE BUILD QUALITY IS VERY GOOD . THE PHONE LOOKS SUPERB IN HANDS. ITS WATERPROOF TOO. 
CONS:- 
1)THE CHARGER AND HEADSET PROVIDED ARE NOT AT ALL ACCEPTABLE THE USB CABLE IS ALSO NOT PROVIDED. 
2) THE STORAGE OF 16 GB MAY BE LESS 
3)THE CAMERA IS A BIT DISAPPOINTING.THE LOW LIGHT IMAGES ARE NOT THAT GOOD.THE CAMERA INTERFACE HAS NOT MUCH OPTIONS. 
 
VERDICT:- THE BEST PHONE IN INDIA UNDER THE 18000 PRICE TAG. CONSIDERING THE PRICE,THE PHONE IS ACTUALLY WORTHY OF 4 STARS OUT OF 5. 
BUY IT ENJOY IT. 
EXCEPTIONAL PHONE, EXCEPTIONAL PRICE ! ! ! ! !......................Not happy with Flip k a r t's transparency.Not happy with Flip k a r t's transparency this time 
I bought my Moto G 16 GB on the date of release in the afternoon. I have been using Apple iPhone 4s previously but wanted another secondary phone. Very happy with the reviews and specs I went in for the Moto G with high expectations being a Google Product. I had an awesome experience using this device but recently when i upgraded to Kitkat the phone started misbehaving. Sometimes when on call, it would suddenly disconnect loose connectivity and sometimes even the screen would go blank. Having bot this handset from flipkart I was not worried, asked for a replacement and got it on 3-3-2014 within 2 days of asking for it. The new Moto G runs Kitkat 4.4.2 out of the box, and seems to run smoothly till now (12 hours on this new replaced fone). What disappoints me is that when i saw the launch day offers I was kind of happy to see the 2 offers, 1. Rs. 1000/- off on clothing &amp; 2. Rs. 501/- off on e-books. I was pretty sure that there was no star on the offer/else where on the page. No where did I find any terms and conditions attached and I double checked with that. I was waiting until date for these offers to be available to me so that I could avail them. Surprisingly when I got none I wrote to Flip k a r t. In response I got the following- Clothing Offer 1. Eligible customers shall be notified about the redemption of the offer via email by the 14th of Feb 2014 2. To redeem the offer customers will have to log in to their flipkart.com accounts (using the same email id used while purchasing Moto G)and the discount shall be automatically applied on purchase 3. Offer is valid only on all clothing items listed by WS Retail and can be redeemed between 14th Feb and 31st Mar. 4. Customer has to purchase clothing worth a minimum of Rs. 1001 in order to avail the Rs. 1000 discount. 5. Customers need to redeem the offer in one transaction. 6. A Moto G order that has been cancelled or refunded will not be eligible for this offer. ebooks Offer 1. Eligible customers shall be notified about the redemption of the offer via email by the 14th of Feb 2014 2. To redeem the offer customers will have to log in to their flipkart.com accounts (using the same email id used while purchasing Moto G)and the discount shall be automatically applied on purchase 3. Offer is valid only on all ebooks listed by WS Retail and can be redeemed between 14th Feb and 31st Mar. 4. Customer has to purchase ebooks worth a minimum of Rs. 501 in order to avail the Rs. 500 discount. 5. Customers need to redeem the offer in one transaction. A Moto G order that has been cancelled or refunded will not be eligible for this offer. Now with this I am completely disappointed with these guys. I have been a regular customer since the site was inaugurated and have been very loyal to them also in the past. But now i think its time to look for another good ecommerce site to depend on. PS. In the past so many years Ive been using Flipkart this is the first time I have asked for a replacement and Flipkart gave it without any non-sense. I appreciate this. Thanks...Review after a months use.Let me not list the positives and negatives that has been covered by other buyers. Here a few points that could help make you decide whether you want to buy or not 
 
1. Battery life is surprisingly good compared to Samsung models(I owned one). Comfortably lasts over a day. 
2. Look and feel - Premium and understated - I regret going for the lime yellow flip case. I suggest going for the black one. But the best option is to avoid the flipcase if you are careful with the phone. I don't think it can survive a couple of falls on a hard floor. 
3. Outdoor visibility - Unlike what a few other reviewers said, I think it is poor. Maybe there is a workaround by changing the color theme or whatever, but certainly could have been better 
4. I have seen the &quot;absolutely no lag&quot; comment everywhere. But take this with a pinch of salt - it is not a gaming phone by any means. Definitely the fastest at this price range, maybe. 
5. I have had difficulties with the voice clarity during several calls. Initially I thought this was an issue at the other end. Some forums did suggest changing the sound settings, but I haven't seen much improvement. 
 
Overall I think this is great phone for the price and and ideal choice for someone who is not willing to risk 20k plus on a phone to use for the next 2-3 years. I was planning to buy the Nexus 5, but I am glad I saved some money and even happier that I can walk around with this phone not worrying that I will accidentally drop break a 30k phone. 3 of my friends have ordered this after checking out mine. 
A great buy!The Chosen One.I am writing this review after using it for quite few days. I'll not go into the specs to compare whether its better or worse than some other branded phone. Rather I'll provide you the straight, blunt common user's experience. 
There was a time when people wanted phones to be smaller and one brand introduced a smaller phone with tagline ''Small is the new Big&quot;. After that time changed and people wanted Bigger phones almost touching the screen size of netbooks. But there are still people who want their phone to be sized moderately. I am one of them and so the Size of MotoG is perfect for me. 
I wanted a phone with capability of delivering loud and clear audio. This one is real loud but still call quality, ringtone and notifications sound over speaker is not extremely clear. Anyway that's not something to worry. 
Screen brightness is extremely good and it plays HD videos smoothly thanks to the Hardware under the hood. 
Network signal reception is quite good and call quality is pretty clear. 
Battery backup is a huge plus point. I am a moderate phone user with moderate amount of call, game, audio and surfing habits and I used to charge my old android everyday. Now I can't recall whether I charge MotoG every alternate day or less frequently. 
 
Now Cons: 1. The supplied headphone with Mic is not which should be supplied with THIS handset even to keep the price low. 
2. It's not a Con as per the price of the phone, but a better camera could be given with this phone. But again the existing camera is not at all bad. 
 
In one sentence - The best phone under 15K.some small thing that other reviewers might have forgot to mention..some small thing that other reviewers might have forgot to mention. 
 
Maxed out features + Amazing built quality + Awesome looks (design) + reliability (Brand) + low price = Moto G 
 
first things first, i never planned on buy this phone... it was more of an impulsive buy. 
 
one fine day i was just surfing flipkart and i saw this offer saying &quot;10% cash back&quot;.... without any second thought i just booked this phone.. the phone arrived at my door steps the very next day. as soon as i had the phone in my hand i fell in love with the phone. 
Design wise this phone looks very similar to iphone, in-fact many of my friends thought that i bought an iphone...... as you can see in the pics the phone has no button or logo in the front.... nowadays most of the smartphones will have couple of buttons and the company name or logo imprinted in the front. But here, button less front makes the phone look very sleek and mirror like. 
 
Also the phone has good weight (heavy)... when you hold the phone the weight of the phone feels very nice, it wont feel like you are holding a cheep lightweight phone. 
 
The phone screen in 4.5''... its perfect size as a 5'' screen phone looks too broad, specially in small hands, having said that i have very big hands and Moto G looks very fitting (perfect) in my hands. 
 
Now most impotent topic &quot;Battery&quot;- 
 
many people are complaining about the battery life of this phone. 
So here are some tips which will improve your Moto G battery life by as much as 26 to 33% (depending on how you use your phone). 
 
Nowadays almost all Social apps use GPS feature of your phone, some popular example are Facebook, instagram, Wechat etc. you have to manually stop this feature from your mobile settings. You might not know this but 1 minute worth of GPS battery use is equal to 6.5 minute of watching movie on you mobile and full volume turned on (mobile speakers). Only turn GPS on when you really require it. stay away from apps like Wechat and near chat which require constant gps positioning. 
Some apps run in the background 24/7 (eg- anti-virus software etc) which can also drain your battery. 
 
After buying a New Moto G you have to discharge the battery completely at-lest 2 times... the second time when you are charging the battery charge it for a minimum of 6 hours.. after 3 1/2 hours the phone will say that the battery is fully charged but let the phone charge for 3 more hours. If you do this, you will see a big improvement in you battery life..... But do not overcharge it every time, this tip is only for first 2 charges (overcharging your battery every time will harm your battery). 
 
Charge your battery as less as possible (charge your battery only once a day).. the lesser you charge your battery the longer the battery will survive. 
 
I charge my battery once every 32 hours. (after full charging my battery it takes on avg 32 hours for my battery to reach 19%) after that i charge it again. 
 
Thanks to these Tips my battery easily gives me 32 to 34 hours of juice. 
On avg i listen 2 to 3 hours of music every day, 2 hours of 3G Browsing, around 40 min of facebooking, constant whats app chatting throughout the day and everyday i have to call my gf for 1 hour minimum ;) Even after all this i get an avg life of 32 hours.NICE MOBILE EVER SEEN......... UNER 15K.HY GYZ THIS IS JO ....got this phone before 2day......this phone totally worth of money... 
and itz never gonna b a android king like nexus 5 of &lt; 30k ........while comparing this moto g best phone under 15k for this much specification.........moto g rockz 
1.....packing is awEsome....got without any damage n A GOOD PRODUCT IMPORTED FROM CHINA..(even APPLE is imported from china only coz of cheep labour charge) 
2....awEsome screen clarity..... 
3..view compare it with ducati or lambor....superb curved look ...for good grip 
4...handy model with 4.5in hd display 
5....nice batery back up...(charger is made in india) 
6...sound id likE bose...really its 5.1 on headset.....take ur ears offfffffffffff 
7..camera is nice under sunlight... ND FOCUS should b on.....and sec camEra is good under worth of money 
8...got kitkat update on d first boot...... 
9..led notification is really superb......... 
10....moto ring tone rokz(u ill get nw gf if thy hear it) haha lol.... 
nd highly recomanded under 15 k......no need to say about flipkart.....there team work rokz.....no words to say...d only shopping mall in my villagae is flipkart........5* not i ill give 1000000000000000000000000000*.........for moto g nd for flipkart nd for wsretailer.......tan q gyz...............bye go on to moto gGood phone from Motorola..Happy that Motorola is back! It was my first phone. Well the specifications look promising and expecting it to be a great value for money phone. It's definitely going to be much better than our Indian phone manufacturers. Motorola is a company you can rely on. This phone is will give you an awesome experience. 
 
1. Quad-core 
2. 1GB ram 
3. 720p resolution 
4. 4.5&quot; screen 
5. Decent 5mpx camera 
Can't be better combination at this price and not to forget the built quality. 
The highly customizable look is a big turn on. The phone can handle tasks smoothly. 
 
However, no expandable memory is a limitation. 5.5GB is user-accessible on the 8GB model and 12.5GB is user-accessible on the 16GB model. 
 
A stock Android UI is great with a new camera application. I am pretty much bored with the Touch Wiz UI of Samsung. 4.4 Kitkat will be available in a few days for download. 
 
All in all a great package at a great price! 
 
An unexpected response! It's &quot;Out of Stock&quot; within an hour. I hope it comes back in stock soon.A great Android experience..I have been using androids for last 2 and half years. Started with Samsung Galaxy S2 running 2.3.1 which eventually was upgraded to 4.1.2 .Last August, I switched over to Note 2. I ordered the MotoG for my mother in Feb and waited for its delivery for about 20 days and now I always feel pain at the thought that I could have saved a lot of money had this been available then in August when i bought my Note2. MotoG is a fantastic phone, great form factor, good screen, good voice clarity, easy to use. The phone has the original flip cover and its great. I have no complaints whatsoever with this phone except that it doesnt come with expandable memory. but for that, i&quot;m using a hybrid Sandisk pen drive bought from Flipkart. The camera is only 5 MP but then thats good enough to post snaps on Facebook which we all use our phones for. If you want a good camera, better to buy a proper point and shoot camera. The battery backup is superb, with around 3-4 hrs of talktime daily, whats app use and facebook, her phone's battery lasts for over 2 days(around 28 hrs). I might soon change over to MotoG. In my family and friends, we already have 4 MotoGs. If you use 2 sim cards, dont think on anything else. 
 
The only other issue is that WS Retail keeps on changing its delivery policy at my place every now and then so now I cant even order it even if i want to.motog rocks,flipkart ,kudos to your service.I am from Vizag and i made an order on 6 th 12.03 am for 16 GB motog and as well as royal blue cover(offer of 70% availed) .Going by order estimated ship date is 7th and delivery is by 14 th Feb,I was a bit disappointed for long wait of a week for delivery but to my astonishment i got moto g delivered by 8 th Feb Saturday i.e.today by 2 pm.I was greatly surprised with the service of flip-kart and their courier(In this case fed-ex express standard overnight).first thanks to flip-kart u never disappoint me and those who blame flipkart for out of stock,i pity u moto g is game changing phone and if u have anticipated that u would have set u r ass before PC at 12 am of 6 th Feb.Flip-kart had done great partner for Motorola and in country like India with vast population u should be prepared for out of stock some times if u don't make it in time.Shipment delivered in solid card board box of flipkart(Bit big for phone,but it supplements product safety and that's y i like flipkart for).Now about phone what to say MOTO G rocks and MOTOROLA KUDOS TO U.Motorola migrate application is of great use for exporting data from my old phone.Everything right from videos ,games,browsing,touch,music,what not everything moves greatly and smoothly on this phone.But don't expect too much from camera front,Head phones(not in -ear) are a bit cheap and look plastic(u shouldn't expect everything great with budget phone right:p and who are concerned about music i advice to buy Panasonic ergo-fit earphones,they rock and priced at 700 or 800 rs ) Remaining features are amazing and operates with blazing speed.I LOVE MOTOGMoto G review --&gt; if it gets hung god only help you.Hi All, 
I just received my Moto-G and took it to a retail shop for screen guard and flip cover. 
The news I got from him was terrible as he explained horrible experience of a MOTO-G customer. 
 
Since this phone comes with the sealed battery, if it gets hung you can not reset it at all and it becomes like dummy model. None of the keys on the phone would help to to reset the phone. Moto-G is dual sim phone and I think dual-sim phones are bound to get hung. 
 
That person tried googling for service centers in Bangalore and got a toll free number which turned out be a custmore care rather than the service center. They suggested him to courier th phone to soem service center in Delhi. The shop owner didn't have further details on what happened to that moto-G owner. 
 
I came across a motorolla customer care number and from them I got two addresses of motorolla service centers in Bangalore (one in Rajajinagar 1st block and another in Indira nagar CMH road). But it seems like the Rajajinagar service center is closed . 
 
Further I called of Indira Nagar center and got the response that they can reset the phone in 10 minutes. 
My worry further is how long this Indira nagar customer care senter will be functional since I've heard most of customer care centers are being closed.A Great Buy indeed !.Hey Guys, I'll skip all the specs, introduction, tests bla bla bla and will come straight to user point of view. When you switch on the phone for first time, an awesome view of Moto world is displayed and the brilliant display comes to life. The OS is pretty stock and doesn't come with any bloatwares except Moto's 2 essential apps. If you're a past user of Samsung , Sony phones then you'll definitely miss some features like deleting multiple messages, multiple contacts at same time, removing homescreens or even the Google search bar, but don't worry. This same software is customised by Samsung / Sony like Touchwiz etc which adds some more features like i said above and distinguishes it from other manufacturers. But you can always download apps from android store which can replace the missing features. Coming to screen, its vibrant and brightness is more than enough to read on sunlight (Max brightness is too much). The glass although fingerprint magnet and smudges isn't a big issue. Just swipe a cloth and its gone. Battery backup is decent too, you can easily survive 12 hrs with 75% usage all the time. The Camera takes decent quality pics but nowhere near to Nokia / Sony at that price. Flash provided is letdown and doesn't help much while taking indoor photos as well as night photos. Still it makes up for it by providing near lag free experience ( i wont say ZERO lag ), smooth UI, battery performance, Screen quality, signal reception and call quality, loud speakers, front facing camera, notification led, stock android experience, nearly 200-300 Mb Ram is unused for apps, powerful snapdragon 400 cpu and adreno 305 gpu etc. So guys, it maybe the best phone out there which beats other high end phones at price:performance ratio at 14k right now, so grab it before it gets out of stock again and enjoy near Stock Experience :)GREAT PHONE! DO NOT THINK A LOT! JUST GO FOR IT!.Review on my New Moto G (16 GB) Smart Phone. 
Booked on 08/04/2014 12.30 pm Recd on 10/04/2014 at 11.30 am through Flipkart.com online. 
I wont post pros (Good/Positive) as it is just remarkable. I am just in love with it. 
16GB Internal Memory 1 GB Ram Fast Processor Great Display, other positive things which you can see on flipkart.com or also on you tube reviews. 
There you may see live demonstration of dipping and putting the mobile in water for 30 minutes and it is still intact. Also screen is scratch proof. Since the list of Good positive advantages is lot and also easily available on flipkart and you tube, i wont write in detail. 
Only those who have issues in following may feel annoying. But to me absolutely no issues as some or other there is missing something here or there. And for me they are very negligible issues. 
Cons (Negative) 
1. In sun outdoor the body of mobile got hot little bit and also when charging i found same but very little... But at immediate you would be alert to take call in that situations. As it is hot anyways thats why. But still ok. May be there should some solution for same by using flip cover, etc. Let see. Not a big issue for me. 
2. FM do not support speaker output. So compulsory you have to hear through headphones only. But the sound and effects is superb outstanding hence you may not find it very hard. Anyways i do not ever like to put speaker on for FM. Also stations are auto scan. Mannual scan is not there. Also the stations which are auto set cannot be deleted. Strange but no issue for me. 
Thats all..... Otherwise everything is so much of high quality and high specifications and very rich standard phone i had ever seen. 
I am feeling very special and very confident as if my life has been changed and feel very much royal when i hold the phone in hand. 
Great Phone at just 13,999/- with so many features in it. It came with latest android 4.4.2 (Kitkat). Theres (other than above mentioned) nothing which a smart phone does not have. 
10 out of 10 marksAwesome phone happiest to buy it.well while reviewing the mobile i will not go in technical things because i am not the best person to review it in a technical way but i would like to mention few things after using it for 20 days. 
1) Display - made of corning gorilla glass 3 because of which mobile will always look new as their will be not scratch on your phone 
 2) playing the games - 1.2 ghz quad core processor and 1 GB RAM makes the gaming experience superb &amp; without any problem &amp; both the subway surfer and temple run games were run smoothly. 
3) you have the advantage of newest android version 4.4.2 KITKAT 
4) Dual Sim support (both are micro sim so you have to cut your sim or otherwise buy a new micro sim) I cut my both the sim without any help of network service providers or mobile repairing stores) (you will find the way to cut the sim on internet) 
5) battery 2070 mAH battery gives a good performance as it is a smartphone its gives a nominal time. 
6) Voice clearity while calling is up to the marks though are in crowded place you can hear and response without much noise. 
7) 16 GB inbuilt memory - you will not require any memory card(Buy 16 GB version instead of 8Gb) 
8) 4.5 inch HD display will give your eyes nice quality view experienceBang for Buck.Cannot expect anything better than what you get for a price under 14K(16GB version). 
 
No doubt that flipkart delivery is the best so I got the phone within 2 days of placing the order. 
 
Pros : 
The device is beautiful, unlike samsung (where you can feel the cheap plastic it is made up of) this device has a premium look and feel. 
 
The Corning gorilla display is smooth and scratch free, unless you rub sand on it :P 
 
It has one of the best speakers among all the mainstream phones...loud and clear. And the sound it produces is not squeaky. 
 
I won't get into technical information about the processor cuz you can look it up anywhere on the internet or in the specifications. One thing I would like to mention is that there is no lag...no matter what. This phone outperforms all the Sony phones I had (Xperia Ray, X10 , ION and S). 
 
The Battery is good and I have to recharge it once a day...I'm always on 3G network, play games( Candy Crush, Subway Surfer, Little Empire and a few more) at least 3 hours a day...some internet browsing and a lot of calls. 
 
And if you accidentally drop it in water, there are very good chances that the phone would not be damaged. Check this out : www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVaTKG5q4YI 
 
Cons : 
The camera is of 5 Megapixel, but that too is not bad. Many would go for phones looking at the camera quality and the mega pixels...a suggestion, just check out the camera of the device you are planning to buy for the same price and then compare it with Moto G. There would be phones available with 8MP camera for the same price but the performance of those phones will not stand a chance against Moto. 
 
Non-expandable storage is a let down but you can get a 16 GB version and for extra storage you can get a OTG USB. 
 
Also, for those who crib about not being able to set custom ringtones in this phone...just get any file explorer from Google Play and drop any song/ringtone of your choice in the Ringtone folder. Now you will be able to set it as your custom ringtone. 
 
There is a lot more about this phone, and the conclusion will always be that you can't get a better phone for this price.Simply Awesome ///.I tried washing off holi colours and the colours went in... Colours were seen inside LCD panel and the panel worked fine.... I submerged phone in water and shaked the phone..... Colurs went immediatelyy and it was OMG... Phone stills workes brilliantly.... 
 
Pls Dont compare with cheap samsung,sony, micromax phones etc.. 
Only compare phones which has got official Kitkat(Coz it has &quot;ART Runtime&quot;) ... 
The phone is a beast with a promised support from cyanogenmod for dual sim moto g.. 
There are few bugs like battery coming down to 5 %( its only caliberation error which is a software issue) .... Phone blows all micromax phones which has mediatek chipsets... The best phone under 23k... Even blows nexus 4 and nexus 5 when it comes to battery.. 
Not a single lag when art runtime is choosen in developer options(hidden for first use).(feature of kitkat). 
If u think phones getting hot, put it in water , plug your headphones and try making a call. haha.. 
And also very fast GPS lock ..And if want to have 100 megapixel camera ,,pls get out and buy micromax..A perfect phone for Mid range budget.Hi there, 
 
I've purchased this Moto G few days back. Its such a cool phone for this price range. 
The Corning Gorilla glass 3 made the phone look more beauty. There are many phones available in the market at this price range, but Moto G is the most preferable due to its stunning HD display, processor and RAM. 
I've installed AnTuTu benchmark app and by the benchmarking results shown Moto G stands against LG Nexus 4 and Samsung S3 which makes this a quite adorable phone for this price. 
Advantages I've observed: 
1. Excellent display 720P HD 
2. Good processor 1.2GHZ quad core 
3. Good 1GB RAM 
4. Good Camera, Battery, Bluetooth v4 
5. Excellent slow motion video 
6. Audio output is clear and good. 
7. Android Kitkat v 4.4.2 
8. Cool Google Apps 
Cons: 
1. No inbuilt File Manager (es file explorer can be useful though.. lol) 
2. No expandable memory slot which annoys everyone 
3. Cheap Headset and no USB cable for this big gun 
4. Both Headset and charger comes in white color which is horrible 
 
In compared to all samsung shitty phone designs, Moto G looks perfect in shape and quite comfortable @ this price. It looks like a high end phone when screen is off. 
Finally, Moto G would make ur day for sure...!!!CANT BELIEVE THAT THIS PHONE IS JUST 14K!!!.I dont wish to speak about the Specs, Pros, Cons. Im just writing what I felt from using it. 
 
I Underestimated this phone. But it SURPRISED ME in the following things... 
 
LOOKS 
This phone looks way Better than it does in the photos. It looks much thinner in real than in the photos of Flipkart and it is also very good to feel on hands. Please avoid those colourful back covers that are sold as accessories in Flipkart. 
 
PERFORMANCE 
Within a couple of hours of delivery I installed a few high end games like GT Racing, F&amp;F 6, Asphalt 8 and I was really surprised to see all the above games were running without any lag. Amazing. 
 
BATTERY LIFE 
Even playing lot of games the battery lasted for a full day. With normal usage it is lasting for 1.5 days. Thats great. 
 
LOUDSPEAKER 
It is very loud that you could hear the ringtones from anywhere in the house. But the quality is not upto the mark. But it was way louder than I expected. 
 
But This Phone did not meet the following which I expected 
 
- Camera is poor. In low Lighting it is very poor. 
- There is no custom equalizer in Audio Settings. Only 5 default options available 
 
OVERALL, Its an EXCELLENT PIECE for 14K!!!Better than my Galaxy S4 And for Gods sake dont buy Grand 2 if you can buy MOTO G..I received the phone in 6 working day, Dont worry about the packing, the guys from flipkart takes care of it. 
About the phone:- 
What do i say, i was blown away buy the performance of this 14000rs phone, it opens most of the apps faster or at time just milliseconds slower than my S4. 
I got this phone for my dad and i used it for 1 week. 
 
The charger and earphones are not that good, 
Camera is very good in day light, it even has the slow video recording, ie after recording video you can slow down some part of it, iPhone 5s has this feature. At night the camera is pretty average. 
 
Battery back up is fantastic. If you use the phone for calling and whatsapp then it will last you 2 days on a single charge, I could manage to get 1 day 16hours with a screen on time of 6 hrs 45min. 
 
Design is super and the display is fantastic. 
It can play almost all the games, doesnt heat up that much. 
 
WATER REPELLANT- MOTO G has a nano coating which will save the phone from accidental drop in water, you can checkout this feature on youtube. 
 
So if you have 14000 rs, if you are okay with 12gb memory then this is the best phone for you.Epic Budget Phone!!!.First off, welcome back Moto! You rock!! XD 
 
Moto G is really a star of its kind.. Many of my colleagues are interested in getting one. 
Regarding the review, i don't wanna talk about the specs, pros and cons.. I'm using it for 5 days and i didn't find any issue until now.. I'd like to give some feedback though.. 
 
1) The charger and ear phones suck!! You better buy new ones. To cut costs, Motorola dropped the charger and headset and provided a data cable(For US and Europe). The Indian market won't consider buying a phone if we don't get them. So they removed the data cable and added basic charger and ear phones.. Obviously crappy ones.. 
 
2) I got 4.3 Jelly Bean version (mine is manufactured in Nov 2013). My friend ordered recently and got a 4.4.2 Kitkat version out-of-box(manufactured in February). There were some issues in some phones with Kitkat version. The system version of Kitkat is 171.44.31. Motorola aired an update 174.44.1 to resolve those issues which is out in Europe and US..Yet to air in India.. So i prefer not to upgrade to Kitkat until India gets the 174 update 
 
3) Camera is decent but to get the best out of it, always enable the HDR 
 
4) The Network priority settings is a tricky and crucial one if you are using 2 sims(one for data and one for calls). You'll face call drops and your callers may get busy tone if you select the wrong one. So check that one carefully 
 
5) If you have 2 step protection enabled in your Gmail account, you'll face hard time in setting the device. Your actual Gmail password won't work while synchronizing the device with your gmail account. You have to create a new password for devices 
 
Hope this helps..Moto Great!.Primarily, I want the phone to do what it is intended for i.e. telephony. I use the phone to stay on top of my mails, news and a bit of social networking. I 'm not in to high end gaming on mobile phones. I'll be covering how this phone suits my requirements rather than stressing again on the specs. 
 
What I was looking for in a phone:- 
 
1. Lag free experience- The Moto G delivers a smooth experience, thanks to the minimalist OS, without any bloatware (My earlier phone was Xperia Mini Pro and the bloatware made the OS to lag). 
 
2. Good battery backup- The 2070 mAh easily lasts through the day with continuous data use (2G/ 3G), sufficient calls and a good amount of web surfing. 
 
3. Excellent screen- One of the best in the business. 
 
4. Robust build- I prefer matte textured phones and the rubberised back offers excellent grip. 
 
5. Telephony- The call quality is excellent and it latches on to the networks well. 
 
Cons- 
1. The battery is non removable. 
2. Service network is not reputed, though not verified. 
3. Accessories are of mediocre quality. 
4. Lack of expandable storage. 
 
Overall, this is an excellent device for the price and one of the best buys in this price bracket. 
 
Delivery &amp; packaging- 
1. I received this phone within a day of placing the order. The delivery was speedy as usual. 
2. The packaging was a bit shoddy. The phone box was not wrapped in the bubble wrap properly and it had slipped out. The packaging seemed to be done hastily. I have seen better quality packaging from Flipkart.One of the best budget beast with ultimate performance.Loved all features of this phone.Mine had Kitkat version of android factory installed.There are no camera errors or hiccups with WI-fi as many had.I am a parttime developer in android platform.I have another Motorola phone(Defy+) with jellybean running.I am a huge fan of their sturdy hardware build quality.My defy+lasted more than 2 yrs now and still working great.I hope Moto G will be the same if not better.Not preaching much about its geeky zone as already it had been reviewed thousands of time.Those who got jellybean version,better do a factory reset(do some backups for contacts at least)before heading to update to Kitkat,to avoid nags like camera error and other issues.If u have already updated(OTA=over the air),still a simple factory reset could be an answer for ur million troubles.Those with crazy geeky hands,may request Motorola for unlock code to free-up your bootloader ,in order to install better custom roms(oops,this isnt that easy as u think,and voids your warranty) for a different OS feel.In my case,I feel that KItkat has certainely reduced the user friendliness.I miss my blue icons of jelly bean :(Dil Garden Garden Hogaya..:).i was very skeptical before buying this phone...The kind of phone that we get at this range are very disappointing. Hence i always doubted the potential of this phone.... But trust me guys...this phone is legend-... wait for it... and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is DAIRY....From the build quality to its high speed performance this phone is just amazing...Superb battery life...Super Sexy Screen Quality...And the best &amp; perfect screen size. One problem that i have is with the limited storage space...But wait a sec....i just came to know it supports an OTP cable...which means i can connect my phone too a pendrive....so i can carry the movies i want in a pendrive &amp; just can watch it anytime &amp; anywhere without occupying the in built storage....To sum it all...this phone comes with quality experience which is not even heavy on my pockets..OH wait...i forgot to mention.....as the phone is unique cuz its limited availability...you surely get a lot of jealous people around you...;)Very fast!.This is my first Android Phone hence 1st android experience. I found the Phone to be fast and very responsive. Hadn't faced any of the problems mentioned in different reviews and online forums. 
 
Pros: 
Images shot from DSLR looks very crisp on Mobile Screen. Video playback is awesome. Lovely colours and crisp. Very fine Screen. 
 
Never Lagged till now. No Hangs or anything like this. 
 
Comes Pre-installed with Kit Kat. I can't feel any difference as I am first time user of Android phones. But it feels good and smooth. 
 
Live wall papers are awesome. 
 
Face lock is very interesting feature. 
 
Voice commands are very accurate. you could type your whole message by speaking and mobile typing everything for you. 
 
Voice search is also good. 
 
If you only use mobile for call purpose Battery backup drops only 20% in 24 hour. 
 
Cons: 
For using Wifi, blue tooth, Mobile Data, etc etc you have to take 2-3 steps in setting menu. while on some phones I found them by just swapping the screen once downward will bring all these things on top of the notification area. 
 
No pre-installed games, audio files, video files. there should be some for testing purpose. 
 
Call log is very limited only All calls and missed calls are showing up in call log. May be hidden somewhere in setting. No Idea how this works in other phones. 
 
A memory card slot would have made this a perfect phone. 
 
The temporary Screen protection has a big M in centre of the screen and some text. Which could have been avoided. As the factory fitted screen guard could be used until a better alternate is purchased. Although It vanishes with 5 days of use completely. :)Excellent phone at an excellent price !.I had ordered this phone on the 10th of Mar, 2014 and Flipkart delivered it on the 13th of Mar, 2014 thus maintaining it's superb delivery quality. I took this long to post this review as I really wanted to give a trustable review after extensive use of the phone for 1.5 months. 
Well, the phone faired quite well and here are my reviews on some individual aspects: 
1) Camera: The camera wasn't that great in quality but then I'd say that it wasn't that bad either for a budget phone. 
2) The battery gave me about 10-13 hours of battery life under moderate usage. But the battery did die out after like 6-8 hours with constant usage with the screen on ( I did not test much games on this phone) 
3) There is no lag whatsoever in the phone and it functions smoothly. 
4) The storage is not expandable and only about 11 GB is available for use. Also, there's no unwanted software from Motorola's side which helps save a lot of storage space. 
 
All in all, the phone met my needs at such a good price. 
It's the perfect phone for someone not into gaming or someone requiring an extraordinary camera and an excellent battery life (although both camera and battery life are quite decent in this phone for a normal user)Value for Money.I have ordered the Moto G on 6th Feb itself. Now, i was waiting for atleast 4-5 days to write the review.Let me give the bullet points for those who are thinking to buy it:- 
 
Pros:- 
1 Probably the best phone in this price segment. 
2.Pure android experience without any shutter delay or lags. 
3. Great built &amp; screen size is enough to navigate through one hand itself. 
4. Great battery back up. 
  ( My usage:- Internet for 2-4 hrs through WiFi 
       Music for 2 hrs through device songs. 
       Gaming for 2 hrs 
       Phone/Whatsapp for 3 hrs) 
The battery lasts for me around 24-30 hrs after charging it full. 
5. Motorola self apps like Moto Assist &amp; Moto care are amazing 
 
Cons:- 
1. Weigh more than Nexus 5 (Price for Nexus 5 is double than Moto G) 
2. Camera quality is 5 MP. (I dont think that makes much difference for me as i'm not very enthusiastic photographer 
 
The normal shipping was delivered to me in 2 days, packing was great. So, i am satisfiedBest Price to Performance..!!.Price to Price to Performance is the one best word to explain this mobile. 
 
Good quality and clarity screen 
Price to Performance best explained !! 
 
-First of all it &quot;feels&quot; like a smart phone 
-Good screen resolution and clarity in 4.5 inch 
-Good Processor speed. Occasional 1/20 chances of slight hanging, which can be rectfied with task managers. Specifications of only 1.2Ghz seems irrelevant when Quadcore works to cover the gap. 
-Camera is 5MP, but of great quality snaps than other 5MP mob cams, Moreover for a average mobile user the camera gives really good quality pics with HDR, Flash, Autofocus features 
-16 GB variant is good enough space for a regular user. (8GB wont be enough). Infact i forgot the need for SD card requirement which is absent here. 
-GPS is really good 
-Other connectivity options like Wifi and Bluetooth giving good results 
-Kitkat version is running well in Moto G for me and is really cool 
 
Suggestions: use a screen guard for confidence while handling and also flipcase for smarty touch! 
 
I was a little sad that the Exchange offer was launched after my purchaseMoto G vs Flipkart { Super hit combination }.Flipkart brings Moto G in India - A great success. 
 
Moto G is really a good phone with decent features. Bought Moto G recently. Till now no issues. everything is working smoothly. 
 
Pros &gt; Good Design 
  &gt; Hardware 
  &gt; Processor 
  &gt; Display 
  &gt;Gaming 
  &gt;Graphics 
  &gt;Smooth navigation 
  &gt;Fast n responsive 
  &gt;Perfect Weight 
  &gt;Battery life 
  &gt;Latest Android software 
  &gt;Dual Sim 
  &gt;Browsing Speed 
  &gt;Camera 
  &gt;Speakers 
  &gt;Perfect size 
  &gt;BEST VALUE FOR MONEY 
 
Cons &gt; Only Camera is not good at dark, but still good in light. 
   &gt; Sound clarity 
   &gt; Earpiece quality 
 
In addition to this FLIPKART provides a great service related to the phone. May it be any issues. Often sometimes provides discounts and combined offers. 
 
Great combination of Moto G with Flipkart. ***** Overall Quality is good. You may compare this phone with high end phones costs about 20000 Rupees 
 
I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE EVERYONE WHO IS PLANNING TO BUY A PHONE AROUND 20000 RUPEES. REALLY THIS IS WORTH OF BUYING. 
 
BY CONSIDERING ALL THE FACTORS I GIVE 5 STARS ***** FOR THE EXCLUSIVE COMBINATION.CUTE MOTO G.I had heard about this phone but had never tried flipkart before. So on 20th February I placed the order and surprisingly got it on 8th day. Yes it is a nice phone to hold with good display and response. For a person like me who usually use phone for calling and messages, it seems to be a perfect choice. Considering the price and features, it is definitely worth buying. I had almost decided for Samsung Note 3 and then I came to know about it. Checked various reviews and practically all are in it's favor. Features like Moto Assist and Motorola Migrate are good one. I had to transfer my contacts through cloud backup as migrate didn't function with HTC. Voice quality, picture quality, screen quality and contact book are excellent. Only problem I have come across is finger prints and markings on the back panel. It seems to attract these more in comparison to my HTC. I recommend it strongly to people looking for a good quality, sturdy phone. Haven't tried games on this as otherwise also I don't use it for this purpose.Pros and Cons with the 16 GB MOTO G.A good phone for the price it is carrying - Rs. 14000 for a 16 GB set. I got a 10% cash back on Axis bank card so the actual price would be around Rs 12600 for a 16 GB (I still have to get the cash back in the account). I got this for my Dad who is using a smart phone for the first time. 
 
For him, it was a big upgrade technologically from a simple Nokia C2-01. MOTO G was a very handy for him. Most of the actions can be done with one hand only.. owing to its 4.5&quot; screen size. Nice display and good sound. Can be easily carried unlike huge phones by samsung or a nexus 5. 
 
This phone has got nice specs (except for the 1 GB RAM which could have been a 2 GB). So far, neither my Dad nor me have faced any real issues with this set. The only glitch, if I would say so, is the wi-fi. The websites do not load at times and I need to switch off and then switch on the Wi-Fi from the settings menu of the phone. After toggling wi-fi, the websites work fine. This is not always, but at times. 
 
Apart from the toggling wi-fi thing, there isnt any issues till now. But then my Dad is not exploiting the phone in a way we guys do.... Overall a nice experience for a person who have had not prior exposure to smart phone / touch screen phones. 
 
Also, the &quot;CastScreen&quot; option does not work. This is used to share screen on your Smart TV. But after going through some forums on internet, one can deduce that this feature is not supported by MOTO G, though it has an option of &quot;Cast Screen&quot; available. 
 
Overall bad points - 
1) 1 GB RAM 
2) WiFi gets disconnected and need to be toggled on / off. 
3) Takes 3-4 hrs to get fully charged from 15% battery to 100%. 
4) Cast Screen (Screen sharing with Smart TV) option is not working. 
 
Sound - OK 
Camera - OK. A 5 mp could have been a bit more 
Processing - OK 
Look &amp; Feel - OK 
Accessories - BAD. Why on this earth would you not provide a data cable? It is a must with any and every phone nowadays. 
 
Delivery - BAD. I ordered this phone on 13th March for In - a - Day delivery for 14th March 14. But it was delivered to me on 15th March. Flipkart was kind enough to refund the extra delivery charges, i.e. Rs.90 to my Flipkart account along with Rs.180. So a total of Rs.270 was credited to my Flipkart account. But this money is not of much use as it can only be used with that retailer (WS Retail) from which I bought it. I would have preferred cash refund into my account or the amount that could be used anywhere on Flipkart. One of my friend also had the same experience with the delivery. I just hope its not a kind of planned way of extracting money. 
 
In all... A decent phone to get but above mentioned cons play a spoil sport. And please opt for 16 GB as approx 4 GB is already pre filled.Worth every single penny.With no other phone in this range offering android 4.4 kitkat, this phone was a no-brainer. A bonus that came along over and above the standard offering was 50GB free Google Drive Space. You can read of all features and they are pretty high end for the price it comes at. So I will just list the things that either didn't come with the phone or is a shortcoming: 
 - No usb cable 
 - A flat 4GB is takin up by the phone offering only 12GB of actual space in the 16GB version 
 - Battery life is decent but once you install heavy processor intensive games battery too will start draining fast and then you will have to charge it atleast twice a day. Charging to takes long time atleast 2-3hrs for getting 100% from under 10% 
 - For music you will have to use google's Play Music which isn't so user friendly. I would prefer some android stock player instead. 
- Similarly there is no in-built video player app. Although you can play videos from the gallery I didn't find it to be a preferable option. 
 
Apart from the above listed drawbacks I am very satisfied with the phone.Asphalt 8 plays with no lag. At 5MP camera quality is a bit above average. There isn't a major leap in android 4.4's offering but it still is latest with all the bug fixes and stuff's. I would definitely recommend going for this phone.Good choice for this Low price.Actually I'm Fan of Sony Brand especially for electronic products ...my first mobile is Sony W200i (used without any prob for 3Yrs) and second one is Sony ericson mini pro (used for 3.5 Yrs with out any prob) which is good for music especially I'm too much impressed with that brand . 
But after several years later I decided to change my mobile by keeping in mind cost and specification with similar one and I got this wonder full Product with affordable price of around 12 k to 14 k. 
 
Negative aspects; 
 
 * above all mobile speaker is not gud as compared to SONY ERCISON and Head set is better with 320 kbps sound track 
 
* Not having facility of reducing sound with head phones 
 
* Unable attend call r cancel the call using head phone button... The head phones can be used for switch on &amp; off the music player another disadvantages is unable to change the songs also 
 
* Another important draw back of this is not having expandable memory slot 
 
* Build in battery not allows us to remove battery at emergency conditions (when fall on wet surface r in rainy conditions) 
 
 Remarkable Good things about Mobile: 
 
* Comparatively gud stand by time for around 18 + hrs at the conditions (almost I chat with my girl friend for 4 hrs continuously and full day internet data ON and while travelling TOO and FRO listening music on this condition) I'm having very gud battery backup feels compare to similar specifications ..... worth of spending 14K for this mobile 
 
* With all options Wonder full rear camera with 5 MP camera and1.3 MP as front camera, especially gud clarity of HD resolution with corolla glass is exceptionally gud to watch high resolution videos (After feeling its clarity I'm comfortable in watching HD Movies and video songs also) 
 
* Almost Touch screen is like feather touch 
 
* While Mobile screen lock is activated , at this condition there is an LED light blinks to intimate us that we received Missed call r msg r facebook msg etc.., especially I'm busy its usefull for me to remind me 
 
* Dual sim with dual stand by exceptional one and I'm comfortable with this . since both of my Official &amp; personal sim is in active conditions . so if any call comes I can receive it based on importance (UPTO NOW I DONT FEEL ANY HANGUP ), While both sims are in active condition. I would recommend especially for this specification every body should feel comfortable instead of having two sims in two mobiles especially for official sim holders as separate one. 
 
* 1 GP ram is worth in operating speed and totally I'm satisfied in all aspects except from speaker ... since my past exp with sony Ericson rest of that 
 
Overall I can say that except not have an options for expandable external memory card other that rest of negative points is not so valid. 
 
Over all based on the performance of mobile I CAN RATE it as 4 / 5Indeed a Worth Buy !!.First of all i was really amazed by the flipkart delivery..Me and my cousin ordered 2 phones back2back viz-viz on dates 15th March to be delivered in Delhi and the other one on 16th March to be delivered in Bangalore. Luckily I got it in a day that has Amazed me !! :) :) 
 
First looks are decent as Motorola has not done much with the looks of this phone .. smooth back cover, good display, OK sound quality..There was no USB cable received along with the box.. i'd have preferred if the earphone provided in the box of a good quality like the previous older Motorola phone (I was using Fire XT prior to this) 
 
It took me longer to use the phone as i don't have the micro-sim. That has kept me awaited until I got it. 
 
First use : The phone has a pre installed application &quot;Motorola Migrate&quot; - this will transfer your old phone data to the new one.. that took an hour or so because i have loads n loadz of data.. after then the new google-ised new android Kit-Kat is just brilliant :) that open google NOW !! 
 
After this I tried calling someone and the sound of the ring what you hear on the ear-piece was disappointing.. same in the case of loudspeaker n earphones...!! Well, that now the major issue.. moreover the phone get's automatically switches it network to 3G even though the preferred network in 2G .. 
 
Rest all are fine . has a good video clarity and the feature i liked is that it has a pre-set EQ to change the settings to hear the way you like !! 
 
I'd suggest that go for 16GB as you'll get something around 12.8 GB (approx) as a free-space to install your application !! 
 
At the end the phone is worth buying at this price @14K and it has the AnTuTu bench mark of 17506 which almost equivalent to NEXUS 4.moto g (once upon a time its a google company and google's product).This phone is a power packed medium spec device.. You will get more than you deserve for what you pay. 
The first thing you should keep in mind is its &quot;cost&quot;. 
Being a phone below 15k, you get.. 
1. A 4.5 inch display (not a gigantic screen like galaxy's .. But fair enough for one hand use) 
2. Good LCD screen with great viewing angles ( up to 175&deg;) 
3. A louder sound clarity (better than nexus devices) 
4. Screen resolution of 1280*720 (720p).. Its enough for below 4.7inch devices 
5. Corning gorrila glass display (no scratches) 
6. Splash resistant body ( not totally water proof though.. Its working even after 30 min in water *checkout YouTube video by Erica) 
7. A mobile from a trustworthy brand 
8. A good battery backup (if heavy user u will get 1day of use.. Else,1.5 day) 
And there are of course some con's for this device 
 
1.no NFC ( its a bit disappointing ,but we are paying just 15k) 
2.camera was just 5mp (it would be better if it is 8mp, but u can get a decent images with this 5mp) 
3.no LTE ( we are in India , so never mind) 
4.battery fixed ( u never have to remove that battery though) 
5.adreno 305 graphics (its really old, but does job) 
 
Conclusion: its a very good medium or budget range device that I recommend everyone to buy.. U will never regret buying this device.Amazing Product!!!!.You cannot complain about anything with this device. Did an extensive research b4 buying and found that this guy beats smartphones upto 20k in price (No kidding!!). 
 
The screen looks brilliant with it's 720p HD resolution cramped in 4.5&quot; screen giving 300+ppi. Plus a 1.2 Ghz &quot;quadcore snapdragon 400&quot; processor coupled with 1 gb ram and &quot;adreno 305&quot; GPU make sure that there isn't any lag at all (we all hate that pretty much, don't we?) even in mild to moderate gaming. Only area where it lags a bit is in high end gaming but that is OK and understandable. 
 
To be frank, I like the stock android way more than the custom UIs esp the touchwiz. The latter believe it or not has lots and lots of annoying bloatwares, most of which are non deletable and consume unnecessary ram, drain battery and cause the phone to lag even with the best of hardware. But nothing like that with moto g. Phone is snappy. 
 
2000 mAh battery is sufficient to get you going through the day with moderate use and a day and a half with light use. 
The build quality looks phenomenal for this price range. These were all the pros imo. 
 
Now turning to cons- 1. A 5 MP camera at the back takes pretty ordinary pictures. 2. Motorola is taken over by lenovo and so the guarantee and peace of mind that we had once regarding the timely future updates of android now looks doubtful. 3. Lack of expandable storage via micro sd card :( I'm going to miss this one as I'm used to storing lot on my device. 4. Service centers are not available everywhere so check for after sales service in your area.. 
 
OVERALL IT'S THE BEST VFM PROPOSITION AND GUYS AT GOOGLE HAVE DONE A FABULOUS JOB IN BRINGING THE BEST OF SPECS AT THE CHEAPEST POSSIBLE PRICE. 
GO FOR IT GUYS IF YOU THINK YOU'RE MONEY IS HARD EARNED AND YOU DON'T WANNA WASTE IT BY PURCHASING SOMETHING NOT WORTH THE MONEY ONLY TO REGRET LATER. 
 
YOU CAN GET THE PICTURE FROM THE ROARING SUCCESS OF MOTO G ON FLIPKART TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY'VE LAUNCHED MOTO X PURELY ON THE BASIS OF HUGE HUGE SUCCESS OF MOTO G IN INDIA WITHIN A SHORT SPAN. 
 
CHECK FOR THE TOP TEN MOBILES IN MARKET AND YOU'LL SEE MOTO G IN MOST OF THEM ALONGSIDE DEVICES LIKE G2 AND S4.. WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY? THUMBS UP! :D 
LASTLY, THANK YOU FLIPKART FOR ROLLING OUT MOTO G IN INDIA AND FOR YOUR EXCELLENT SERVICE AND PROMPT DELIVERY LIKE ALWAYS! HAPPY HAPPY! 
 
P.S. I'm planning to get one more piece for my family to multiply the joy :) 
 
Hope I helped!Moto G best buy as on date.I have thought a lot... To get some mobile for my bro... Well that's because I work damn hard to earn each penny... And finally one bright day Moto G showed up in flipkart... 
But I do a lot of shit research before getting even a underwear... 
 
Now I ordered this phone today 6 MAR 14 after a good time research about the phone.. 
 
What I was searching for was a 
-rich looking (I mean ph that make me look rich), 
-Hard (I mean strong) 
-Big size (Of course not as big as a tab) 
-Fast 
-and in trend ph 
Just a compilation of any basic user phone... 
 
What I got: 
1.Corning gorilla 3 protection which is scratch proof and will save your ph even with busy and loaded pockets (For poor chaps will save u from coins) 
2. Snapdragon 400 1.2 gh (Well those who doesn't know its a very good processor) 
3. Water resistant (Oh that doesn't mean that you can swim with it, but yes I hope it saves me from what I dis last time with my last Nokia phone). 
4.Display is awesome 326pixels per inch on a 4.5 inch screen even comparable to apple 
6. The camera is OK and records 720p HD (Well to be frank if you really want a photograph to be very good you should never depend on your mobile. However this will surely suffice your instant FB uploads and instagrams). 
7. Customizable colored covers and accessories are cool and will keep you and the phone young. 
8.Dual sim - (Enjoy your extra marital affairs :) 
9.Usb otis compatible where you can connect a 32 gb pendrive. Well I dont see a need of it untill and unless your do a very boring travel with no beauty beside and not even a laptop. 
9.The phone gives 50 gb google drive space for 2 years. This is a compensation to not external SD card slot 
 
What is bad: 
-The only two improvements that I would look is the phone could have been definitely provided with a eternal card slot. 
-Camera could have been slightly better. 
 
Overall I rate this phone very high and very happy to be back to Motorola and be unique in midst of this apple and Samsung fever. (Considering Nokia itself being a fever) 
 
And what is very eye catchy is the price quoted.. Its just very much in budget.. Bit more cheap in US (179$).. But in India we get an additional headset and an adapter.. 
 
The review is based on my research and physical use of the phone from few of my friends... 
 
Enjoy Moto...BEST MOBILE FOR 14 K.I was looking for some dual sim mobile to gift my fiance for her birthday. I just come across this mobile through google search. Intially i was not much impressed with this mobile as i am not fan of motorola and right now it is out of market. But when i start reading the reviews i changed my mind. I realised this product is relatively cheap for its quality and configuration. 
 
I finally made a decision to buy this mobile after some online research. When i recieved the mobile i m fully satisfied and felt it is worthy. My fiance was very much surprised by this mobile and she felt very happy. 
 
I used this mobile for two weeks. I will tell what i find 
 
PROS 
 
1) Ultra fast - WiFi , Applications , Games (If u turn on your wifi within a sec u get connection) 
 
2) Built Quality 
 
3) Different colored back covers 
 
4) Screen clarity 
 
CONS 
 
1) Screen width relatively less 
 
2) Battery goes down quick if we play games 
 
Overall i fell this mobile is very much worthy to buy. Go for it without any second thought if budget is a issue for you. This mobile wins all its competitors.MotoG - Amazing phone with great features &amp; long lasting battery.Have been using this phone for the past 3 weeks. Found it good value for money. 
 
Pro : 
Amazing screen with excellent resolution. Text is crisp and clear and very easy on the eye to read. Sites are rendered very fast in the Chrome browser as compared to other phones ( Samsung and Lenovo - which I had compared with) . The extra ppi does help. 
 
Videos look sharper ; Audio quality is decent. 
Battery life is great and I generally get 2 days at a stretch. Normal phone call usage + 30 mins of browsing a day 
Good looks ; and it feels very comfortable in the hand ; No fear of slippage due to the matte finish of the back cover ; The small depression in the back cover is very helpful during calls to increase the comfort feel 
 
Cons 
The touch is a tad too sensitive ; Very often I do end up in calling others because of over sensitive screen ; A screen guard with matte finish should solve this issue 
 
Overall , I am very satisfied with this phone and would surely recommend it to anyone looking for a budget smartphone. Moto G Rocks !Moto G a good package.Moto G is indeed a very good phone for people who are looking into value for money. Features and hardware and other details are on different sites and other reviews as well so I would not go into that. 
 
Things that are into this review is IS IT WORTH BUYING??? and the answer is yes. 
1. Its a bang for the buck. A great value for money proposition and a awesome entry to mid level performer. For me the performer not just means playing top end games but the main thing is multitasking. Moto G holds up well. 
2. Look wise its not that great but hey hold on its much better than what Samsung and other companies give out more on that price range. Looks are subjective to time but the what matters is the performance. 
3. I understand that the camera is a big let down in Moto G but hey if you are so much into clicking spend a odd 5 -6 K and get a point and shoot for yourself. 
4. Its good to hold. Battery is good. Performance is good. What else are you thinking. You wont get a better phone in this price range. Go for it. 
If you are thinking for MMX, LAVA and Karbonn. stop thinking right now. Order a Moto G..It is worth to spend your money on Moto g.Flipkart Review- They delivered before time,I ordered it on 22-03-14 and it was delivered to me on 24-03-2014 so I am completely happy with their service. 
 
Coming to the mobile, it has been 20 days since I am using this mobile and it is working smooth and I even find the looks very appealing. I have the 16gb version so no issues with the storage capacity but I do carry my otg (On-The-Go) wire along with a pen drive where i have stored my songs and movies. 
 
 Camera- Well the camera is fine not that bad after all. It will give you decent pictures plus there are many apps on playstore that would enhance your picture quality (I personally use Camera Zoom FX). 
 
Battery Life(18 to 20 hours when completely charged)- I have a 3g connection and I also use my phone to play games (not graphic intensive one's though), listen to music and watch some serials (occasionally). I charge my phone when it's battery drops below 5%. 
 
Now coming to the cons, well the battery is not removable and the kitkat version have some bugs but they will get fixed once they give us new updates( finger crossed). I have experienced only one bug so far, sometimes my dial pad does not appear but for that I don't have to reboot my phone it appears when i click the back button. 
 
Overall, it is a very good phone in it's range and I am satisfied with it's performance till now.COOLEST thing in the under-20K pool.This is my first android phone. did a lot of research before finally coming up with the choice.So far it has been everything i wanted it to be if not more. Accessories are the only thing of worry. Digiflop data cables that flipcart recommends wont fit.go for AMZER instead.also stock headset suckz. 
This one will drain your power like any other android with a stand by of 24 hours or more. If you are not a camera freak u would probably choose this one.This has a camera that gets the job done nicely. but dont expect it to work miracles in low lighting. Its better to go for the 16 GB one ,since we cant expand it with external cards.No game or HD video has given much challenge to the GPU and processor.(I didnt try with heavy weights like real racing 3..but no game has crashed mid way even while multi tasking) 
.Experiencing android environment and all google things(gmaill ,u tube) as a newbie was an exciting and simple journey in moto G. I believe its the best for all that in can do. may be there are models than can do a lot more. but Moto G delivers all that matters under such a price tag and more...Highly recommended.. 
flipkart service is good one as usual.Flipkart did it again got my moto 16 G in a week !.Hi all, 
 
This device is simply stunning i ordered it on 20 Feb midnight and received it on 27 Feb mid day. Moto G will give you 200% return on investment... The look and feel of device is also commendable... a beautiful handset to lay your hands upon... As all of us are aware of specs which is far superior than its price range class... 
 
The 326 ppi screen blended with gorilla glass give you a superior touch experience which can only be felt in premium end phones... Almost no effect of sunlight the screen looks sharp as ever everywhere... The battery life is what most of us care for... As for almost 95% of android phone users the charger is a huge liability to carry to work/short travel/heavy usage Moto G's battery almost last a day for a above average 3G usage... 
 
Out of the box jelly bean 4.3 but wait for the surprise.. just un-box it and connect with internet you are a go with 4.4 kit-kat upgarade.... Features like Moto Assist and Google now are a boon... You will feel as if Google is itself serving you 24*7 via Moto G.... Go for a 16 GB hardware as @ 14K its not just a worth buy i should call this beauty a &quot;Must Buy&quot; 
 
Oh and one more thing i am dying to show this to my friend who brought sony xperia C for 18 grands cos i advised him this phone and he skipped.... With the help of Moto G i will make him burn in envy :D 
 
Just i am loving it :D 
Kudos to Moto and Google :) 
 
Cheers !The King of mid range phones..This right here is by far the best smart phone for under 20k.Having already used xperia p,which in itself isn't that bad but this phone beats it hands down.I have used this phone for almost a week and have found these pros and cons. 
Pros:- 
Screen resolution:With a resolution comparable to iPhone 5s and excellent viewing angles,it is unimaginable to have a display as crisp as this on a phone in this price range. 
 
Build quality:- With a water resistant build and rubbery plastic back,i would rate the build quality 4/5.One thing is for sure,you'll never even once feel that you're using a 14k phone. 
 
OS-Almost a pure vanilla experience,with only a handful of motorola apps pre -installed. 
 
Updates-Comes now with kitkat already installed and since Motorola was owned by Google when this phone was released i'am sure it will get the OS updates as and when they release. 
 
Speed :-The quad core processor is a beast, and the 1GB ram is more than sufficient for any app developed in the foreseeable future. 
 
Battery-1 day easily even if you're a heavy user. 
 
Cons: 
Camera-Camera is the real downfall of this phone.The back camera being only a 5mp camera,takes decent pics in average to good light conditions but the quality is pathetic in low light conditions. 
 
No NFC,4G LTE:-But hey,did you really expect them when you're looking for a mid range phone.And This being targeted for India and developing countries where 4G isn't really the norm,it won't matter much. 
 
No expandable memory slot:-oh well it would have been nice to see an expandable memory slot but then again 16 gb is ample storage for a light to moderate user. 
 
I would have given it 4.5/5 but since Flipkart doesn't allow it, i go with a 5/5 for this phone.U need to use it to believe it...One Word - FANTASTIC (Review by a Gamer).Hello karters, 
 
The MotoG is your ultimate weapon in banging price. I still can't believe it, It runs all the games very smoothly.

 
 
Asphalt 8 - 1.8GB - No Lag, awesome graphics. 
Modern Combat 4 (with Latest Update)(1.4GB) - Works great than my friends Nexus 4. 
Most Wanted (700MB) - Beautiful as in a console 
 
I am not much of a mobile gamer, but after getting my MOTO I started playing it all the time. 
It runs all the apps very smoothly. Other things to review about. 
 
1. Display - Very sharp and crisp. It looks better than nexus 4. 
2. Performance - It's a gaming machine. As a wise man said, 'If it runs Games, it can run anything'. 
3. Camera - While some people are saying it a Con, I don't think so. I took some pictures and it was just like any other high end mobiles out there. Amazing picture quality. I'm still not sure if it's the display or camera that's winning. But it is awesome. 
4. Looks - It is a beauty and I mean it. 
 
Please friends don't fall in love with MotoG and sure you will lose your GF. LOL, I luv my MOTOGMoto g.What should I say about the phone? 1. Amazing price 2. Awesome build quality 3. Solid performance 4. Above decent camera 5. Screen resolution is just mind blowing 6. Decent battery but not soo good 7. Very good sound quality( both headphones and load speaker8. Clear call quality ( even in heavy traffic sound the call quality is extremely clear). I have been using this phone for nearly one week, till now not even one minute I regretted for buying this phone. The whole world is celebrating this phone, then who am I to say something about this phone. Both critics and a comman man loves this beauty made by Motorola and google. Thank u guys for changing the monotonous android market into a valuable place by creating this phone. All I would request Motorola is that, please don,t reduce the standards at any time because once a company see success then they fall into the marketing world by compromising on the quality. Great example &quot; Samsung&quot;. Gr8 come back Motorola, I'm proud to say moto g is my first phone from Motorola.Great quality Budget phone for the Masses !.This is my second Android phone (first was Sony Xperia Neo V), 
 
Reviews: 
 
PRO's: 
1&gt; Great feel when you hold the phone. I know all the tech stuff can be gotten even from Micromax/Lava and stuff but the build quality on this one is simply out of the world ! 
 
2&gt;Display stands out by a huge margin when compared to phone of the similiar price bracket. 
 
3&gt;With the new Android KitKat update. Phone zips through apps and plays high end games with no effort at all. 
 
4&gt;Decent Battery life. 
 
5&gt;Very less apps from MOTO, almost a stock android phone. 
 
6&gt; Good call quality,Cell phone reception. 
 
CONS: 
 
1&gt; Would expect a better camera for this price range given the competitors do. But still pretty decent camera for Day time casual photography. Might hit you badly with less or no lights. 
 
2&gt;Would have been great if it had a External SD card slot. But if someone can do with 13GB storage (most of us can) this should not be an issue. 
 
I would recommend this phone to everyone who appreciates quality and people who dont want to keep changing their phones and waste money like every month. 
 
Also as always Flipkart service was Outstanding !Marvellous G n G Google and Moto G .....Wow. I got my phone in just 3 days.I ordered it on 28 feb and it delivered to me today itself on sunday 2 march in the morning. I was waiting for this phone from a long time and got it today.As soon as I got it in my hands I unwind the packing of the phone and I get :- 
1. A gorgeously looking black back moto g (First look killed me.......) 
2. white color compact charger (no usb charger). 
3. white color stereo headset (as it's stereo but better than lumia 520's headset). 
4 startup guide and leaflet.. 
 
First impression of the phone :- Not less than any premium handset available in the market. 
1. Black Back cover looks good on the phone 
2. chrome finish power/lock and volume rocker button makes the build finish more attractive 
3. only two outlets in the phone one for charging port and other for the headset jack.. 
4. Speaker just adjacent to the camera looks good 
5. Camera is good for daylight photography but still not as good as 5 mp camera of lumia 520 0r lumia 525. 
6. Touch screen is awesome (can use it with gloves on just like in lumia series) 
7. Front camera is good even in low light or in room captures good photographs.. 
8. 12 gb out of 16 gb you get as memory to be used for your back ups and storage needs. 
9. Sound quality is not as good due to stereo headphones but seems good with samsung in-ear headphones . 
10.Phone is working very good I mean the processing power of snapdragon 400 1.2 GHz. quad-core processor plus 1 GB RAM does not allow this phone to compromise with the performance in any aspect (I have installed 80 apps and 20 high end games ). 
 
overall the phone amazing in specs at this price as compared to other brands. So just go for it ........BEST PHONE THAT AN INDIAN CAN GET.I will just give a rough review showing the pros and cons 
 
Pros: 
1. Screen : The best in the range with 720p clarity what more does and INDIAN user needs for this budget 
2. Processor : Its a compact generator :-) the phone works seamlessly without any lag or issue, Gaming is one of my hobby and for this phone playing anything in this phone is like applying butter on bread. ( Plays all game available in Playstore with no lags) 
3. Gorilla Glass 3 : I no more need to spend money on screenguard and protectors :-) 
 I have personally tried hitting the screen :-P to check the quality :-) 
4. Looks : Place your phone on the table and just see how many people come and ask IS IT MOTO G :-) .. Ur a ROYALE MAN :-) 
5. Speakers : Amazing sound quality for the price range beats all phone 
6. Camera; I don't know why i see reviews telling that camera is not upto the mark. 
Guys come on its 5 MP camera and u expect 16 Mp clarity.. The outdoor images are too good and for and Indian camera quality is noting but a photo that can be taken so as to post in FB :-) and guys believe me all my FB pics are from Moto G :-) 
7. Premium : that's all what i can say keep it in front of a Micromax,Samsung phone and smile at it :-P ( Its makes u feel classy ) 
Any many more find it out yourself. 
 
Cons: 
1. Earphone : It sucks :-( its loud but the sound never enters the ear instead it flies out in opposite direction. (When i was listening to a song in the headphone i could hear only little sound but my friend who was sitting next beside me could hear it more clearer from outside ) 
2. Charger: The charger is eventually of no use :-( its very slow in charging and can't stay in the wall always falls down as the pins are very small :-( 
 
I bought it on the launch date and after that till now all my friends have ordered it and a total of 12 pieces have been ordered because of my personal review to my friends :-)Brand + High-end Specs + Stunning Design + Android 4.4.2 + Unbelievable Price!.I just got my phone today. First of all, thanks to Flipkart for the fast delievery. And hats off to the seller WS Retail. You guys are my first choice on Flipkart. Because you guys ships the product in just a single day. That's what makes Flipkart fast. 
 
About the phone: 
&quot;The best budget-phone&quot; - this statement is absolutely right. 
I've been running a lot of tests on my Moto G. 
Just on stock firmware, it has beaten Galaxy Grand 2. 
I got 16942 on AnTuTu running stock Kitkat 4.4.2. 
And after some rooting and tweaking it at advanced level, I'm getting 21000 AnTuTu score. *jawdrop* right? 
 
The camera of the phone is really fine. The image quality is stunning. 
I loved that Moto G has introduced SlowMotion Video Capture and HDR mode in the default camera app which works flawlessly. The flash of the phone is very powerful. Being powerful doesn't make it great but what makes it great is that the images captured using that flash does not get high-contrast-ed(in layman language.) ;) 
 
The sound quality of the phone, I must say, is the best you can get in such price range and I mean it. 
 
The earphones provided with the handset are not in-ear and not quite good-looking also. But they perform really well. I've been using these for 2 hours straight and I'm not feeling achy. 
The sound quality of the earphones is really nice. The highs are OK. The ratio of treble and bass, according to me, is very finely tuned by Motorola. 
 
I can't say anything about battery backup because I've just received it. 
 
Fun fact: I'm a student of Lovely Professional University. When I went to receive the courier, the courier guy asked me what's so special about this phone because from past three days, he has delievered more than 100 units of the same phone to this university.Best Mobile of This Price Range Came with KitKat 4.4.2.First of all thanks to Flipkart for their services. 
 
By launching such a kind of product in such a competitive market which comprises of major attribute Affordable &amp; Qualitative both at a time of which End user always looks of. Doubtlessly Motorola has proved its latency in the ground. 
 
People saying that there is not any memory slot to expand. 16GB (12GB usable) is enough. I bought an OTG cable and I am able to use pen drives on Moto G without installing any software. 
 
Pros: 
1. Best Build Quality. 
2. No Heating problem while surfing on 3G network. 
3. Battery Backup is amazing. 
4. Superior IPS Display, best in this class. 
5. Both Cameras are good. Front camera is also good in room environment (In low light). 
6. Speaker &amp; Sound quality is amazing. 
7. OTG support to use Pen Drives. 
8. Latest Version of Android (KitKat 4.4.2). 
9. Gorilla Glass 3 
10. Dual Sim (Smart Sim Selection is Good.) 
11. Water Resistant &amp; Dust Resistant 
 
Cons: 
1. Cheap Headphones 
2. Facing some display problems when use BBM. But when I uninstall BBM then it works fine. 
3. Doesn't have NFC (NEAR FIELD COMMUNICATION). 
4. No USB Cable. 
 
Guys dont think any more, Just go for this phone . For more comparison and reviews you can visit any website and you will get the same answer, as i researched a lot before buying this phone.Good but not great.This review is based on my 20 day moderate to heavy Usage. Lets cover topic by topic 
Build Quality : This is solid and feels really good in hand. 
Size : Its not humungous and fits easily in the pocket or hand which is really good 
Display : This is awesome &amp; with a little more brightness one can use it outdoors under direct sunlight without any issues 
Sound : Not too Loud. just about enough 
Battery : battery is decent. I am not an avid gamer. I have 2G data on all the time &amp; with heavy texting &amp; 2 - 3 hours calls, listening to songs for an hour, it comes to around 15 hours 
Data Transfer : Moto Migrate absolutely ROCKS. Seamless. 
Android OS : Used JB 4.3 for 10 days before switching to KitKat 
I liked JB visually. KitKat is all white &amp; i noticed battery draining fast after the update over a period of 10 days 
Customization : I was using a samsung mobile [JB 4.1.2] before this . After using Moto G's stock android , i am able to fully appreciate the tweaks done by Samsung. I really miss the little things which was a breeze in Samsung: 
Calling &amp; messaging from call logs. In Moto G it involves more navigation 
Even though Crop option for Pic has come with KitKat update, we cant still move pictures across folders 
Agreed, we have apps for all this but i feel all this should come with the stock version 
 
Touch is absolutely great . The phone has a great look. Just a gentle wipe from soft cloth &amp; it will look brand new. 
 
All in all a good phone but with a little tweaks in user customization it will be truly great.Camera Error Every time after upgrading to Kitkat.Many of you might be aware how Good this phone is? Yes this is one of the best at this price range no doubt but below are drawbacks which I am facing &amp; hope many might be facing the same. 
1. Camera Error 
2. Battery Backup. 
 
      I have bought MOTO G 16GB on day 1 itself, before upgrading to kitkat I didnt face any issue with camera though camera clarity is average but after upgrading to kitkat I notice many times or every time when I open a camera to capture some moments I notice &quot;Camera Error&quot; &amp; camera wont open, need to try multiple times or even need to restart phone sometimes. 
      Coming to Battery, I am not sure whether I am a heavy user or so, but my battery won't stay for even 14hrs during day time. I need to make it full before leaving to office else it will drain out before I come back to home in the late evenings. Avg usage of mine is like below. 
2-3 hrs 2G calls. 
8hrs wifi ON for browsing, messengers, apps ,banking transactions. 
Games for just 10-15mns. 
couple of hours music/FM 
10-15 snaps daily on an average.Moto G 16 GB.I got my moto G delivered on the 8th day of the order, however that is acceptable as there is no fedex office in my location and my package was shipped via fedex. Overall experience till now is fantastic. It works smoothly, never had any lag or sudden shut downs. However the battery as mentioned, does not perform upto the mark. With 3G data on my phone ends up just a more than 12 hours. However battery performs better with 3G turned off and wifi being used. Talk time is decent. The battery problem may be a general one or it may also be possible that my piece is the only one having some problem. 
 
Camera quality is not excellent but it gives good quality photos in daylight and photos under dark lighting conditions are acceptable. It has certainly got one of the strongest flash around. 
 
Build quality is excellent, the phone feels premium. Its slightly on the heavier side but not too heavy. And yes it's body is water repellent. 
 
Overall experience is good, display is amazing, gameplay is awesome. Runs almost all games easily. Speaker quality is good enough. I would highly recommend this one instead of going for other expensive phones with bulked up specs. Cause it gives a wonderful performance with its specs.excellent but at times disappointing too.Moto G as been reviewed &quot;wins the race on the android platform being a value for money gadget be its smooth interface to everything else&quot; but my motive of writing this review is to highlight the darker side of this phone which disappoints you a lot at some times some of them are- 
(i)when u are not using your camera often and suddenly plan to capture something it shows a camera error u may seem to be surprised but it has happened several times.Switching it off restarting it again is only the remedy to bug this problem. i wish flipkart had the option to attach a image while reviewing the product. 
 
(ii)You can't send songs via bluetooth and whatsapp directlly from your playlist which i think every basic phone has an option for this. 
so now you have to go for a file manager from playstore to share a song 
 
(iii)First reaction after having my earpiece was is it the true motorola one na !!! 
yes earpiece too disappoints you a lot... very light and of a very low quality.. 
 
so the motive behind my review was not to discourage prospective buyers of the phone but finding suitable solutions so that problems are fixed asap 
 
Moreover, what else you can expect from a 15k phone, it pretty much meets your expectation.A Reasonable Smart Phone - Not Budget Phone.I have purchased the 16 GB variant and Moto G matches its advertisement. I think Samsung, Nokia and iPhone all these big players should learn one or two things from Motorola on how to produce reasonable smart phones within this range especially for a country like India. It is not having the LTE or NFC but in India, do we use them? Camera is where I think it has the big draw back compared to Nokia but comparable to Samsung in that department. Low lighting photography is not strong for any phone except probably few high end Nokia phones. I got full 18 hours battery life with 3G and Bluetooth on and Moderate usage. Another area is the lack of expandable memory but 16 GB might be good enough for most of it. Still it is a drawback. 
Screen is awesome with corning glass 3. Touch buttery smooth. Reading text is pleasure. Lag you may not notice at all. Has stock Jellybean with KitKat updates coming in a week. Now since it is stock Jelly bean no fancy enhancements like Samsung. Bare minimum notifications panel. No multitasking. 
Phone audio good with or without ear phones. You tube videos rendering very good. 
Overall a good buy in that price range. I think Motorola before signing/selling off did a splendid job in producing this phone. 
Don't think it as a budget phone. It is a smart phone in terms of looks, functionality and budget. And most importantly this phone seems to be designed keeping the majority of the Indian consumers who would like to own a smart phone at a reasonable price.All in one pretty good.I am using he phone for a month now. 
 
pros 
It says its splash proof, but its almost water proof.no issue even if u take ur call while in shower. 
Looks is pretty decent. 
Had less expectation about the camera as it is 5 megapixel, but pretty much same like other 8 megapixel cameras. 
Androis kitkat, 
Fast enough. 
 
Cons 
I am facing only one issue with the hardware others are just the software part, which can be avoided using apps. BOth of my sim cards sometime becomes unrecognizable, I need to manually remove and insert it again to make it work, this might be a prob only with my set. 
Stock camera app is not so good very minimal options, use cymera or any other app u like. 
Stock caller app is also a boring one, No inbuilt feature to sync photos from other accounts and also doesnt show u the unknown numbers dialed recently . Sctually these are very nicely made in HTC sense, so might be my expectation is high. 
 
Just one tip, if u have just bought this phone buy a bumper side case rather than a back or flip case,else it will loose its beauty.You won't regret buying this phone......I received it on 27 feb, got KitKat out of the box. 
*Performance is great.You name any game &amp; runs it smoothly.Asphalt8 is a beast on MotoG 
*KitKat makes everything butter smooth &amp; eye catching. 
*Build quality and design is good. The phone feels sturdy and premium. 
*You don't need to buy a screen protector as it has Guerrilla Glass3. 
*The phone has nano-coating. So upto certain limit it is waterproof. 
*Speaker is so loud. 
*Battery lasts more than a day with normal usage. 
*Don't you worry about the servicing. With the product you will get address of nearest service centers. 
*It goes neck to neck with Galaxy Grand 2 but costs almost half of it.(Samsung covers phones with plastics. They all look same and cheap.)This phone has a unique look and identity. 
 
*Camera works fine but the quality of photo is not good at all.When zoomed the pictures is too pixelated. But sometime it takes good shot and may surprise you. Slow motion video is great. 
Storage is an issue. After installing asphalt, modern combat,dungeon hunters, minion rush etc the phone memory is almost full. Motorola should have provided expandable storage. 
 
Verdict-If you are not into photography,not fond of installing too much games &amp; don't watch many movies on the go then its the best phone that you can have at such a price point. 
&quot;Sensational phone, Exceptional price&quot;. Hello Moto.......Amazing features and performance at this price range.Flipkart delivered this phone in just three days and two days earlier than the expected date. I did a lot of research about this, read a lot of reviews here on Flipkart. I don't see why people give it a single star rating because of issue with the delivery and other issues not related to phone's performance, it misleads others and affects the overall rating. 
 
My requirements while buying a new phone were: 
1. A snappy phone with atleast 1.2Ghz Processor and can handle the usual social networking apps Fb, twitter, instagram, etc with ease 
2. Ease of access to basic features such as Calls, SMS's 
3. Decent Camera 
4. Good Battery life 
 
I feel Moto G has delivered all of these. The phone is lightening fast to operate. Apps open in blink of an eye. Other features like Assist comes very handy. Although Camera is basic, it was never important for me so I'm more than satisfied with what it has. Also, at a price of 14k this phone delivers performance more than I had expected. Getting good battery life out of this device needs a bit of fiddling around. You cant expect it to last for whole day if you have WiFi, 3G, GPS and full brightness on all the time. I'm used to disabling things which I do not need so I could squeeze around 12hrs. Although I'd like to point out that it takes around 3hrs to charge fully (0% to 100%) which is too much time in my opinion. 
 
For others who say things like &quot;It doesn't have this and that&quot; should rather focus on what the phone has and complain if that feature is not performing as its advertised. It misleads people like me who like to keep no stone unturned before buying something.The Best Mobile.Hey Guys, 
 
If you are going to purchase a Moto G...... then it wud b the best choice which you have made. 
 
Pros: 
Android (KitKat Version): it is already in a upgraded version. 
Price: Believe me ... you wont get any better specs which Moto G has even in the mobiles which u purchase for 25-30K 
Display : Gorilla screen with awesum display and screen quality. 
Battery Back UP : i wrote UP in caps as the battery back up is huge. i have been playing games by downloading PPSSPP, exchaning songs via bluetooth, then internet is always on my mbl and yet it gives me a back up of 24HRS. 
Camera: my friends told me that the cam quality is nt that good. however, i took few pics when my friends were sleeping in a dark room with my motog, Iphone and sony xperia z1. guess wat my motog gave the best picture quality even when it was completely dark in the room. and coming to the front cam. it is pretty decent for making video calls. u will find the resolution similar to that of the laptops. 
 
and the best part my mbl never became hot after using for all des hrs. 
 
Cons: 
weight : its a lil heavy and it become much heavier when u apply a cover or case to it. (well der is an advantage in it too..... you can hit the anyone with this mbl and still the mbl will b intact) ;) 
Charger : Motog provides u a two pin charger dats it. its not like the mbls which provide USB with a Detachable charger pin.Satisfactory in my point of view....I think Motorola has maintained their tradition and launched a good product. 
Pros: 
1. CPU, RAM, GPU performance is too good. You can play high graphics games like Asphalt 8. 
2. IPS display is good for view in sunlight with a great viewing angle. 
3. You can play 1080p videos too using MX Player. 
4. Sound is enough loud through loud speaker. Earpiece is also too good. 
5. Battery backup is good. It lasts for more than 24 hours with mediocre use. 
6. Headset is good. 
Cons: 
1. The 1st disadvantage which I has noticed first that like HTC, it also doesn't have any FILE MANAGER. You've to install any 3rd party app from Play Store to access to the storage area. 
2. Camera quality has disappointed me. Picture quality is no doubt good but honestly auto focus doesn't work correctly sometimes specially when you try to focus at any point in very close. It doesn't have any TAP TO FOCUS facility. 
3. You can use the front camera for selfies, video call through Hangout, Skype, etc, etc but you cannot make video calls through 3G network. That means video calls doesn't supported. 
4. Battery is non-removable. 
5. No USB cable is provided.Moto G is a Fantastic Phone!!!.Fantastic price, lovely design, good performance, vibrant display, good camera and sound, Moto Migrate makes set up easy, 50GB free Google Drive storage, great customising options, Android 4.4 
 
In terms of everyday tasks, the Moto G performed without any issues - it was responsive, fast and showed no signs of lag. We experienced a bit of sluggishness when I played Despicable Me and switched between cameras, but it was nothing to be too concerned about and other games such as Candy Crush were responded to with no problems. 
 
If you're looking for a shortcoming, the lack of support for microSD is a disappointment and there's no 4G on offer - not that that will be a huge concern for those looking to save money. 
 
The Moto G's best asset is its price - it is an affordable smartphone and I think it delivers everything it promises - except perhaps the battery life. At no point did I feel I had compromised on style, quality or experience and with the upgrade to Android 4.4 KitKat, I suspect you will be even more than happy to use this device on a daily basis, as I have been.Moto G - Finally Placed the order.Finally the phone delivery shows a timeline of 2-3 Business days and latched the opportunity to quickly order the same. 
 
Ordered the phone for a days' delivery to be done by Mar 03, 2014. Flipkart team please do not disappoint me and hope the team delivers on time. 
 
Excited for the phone and waiting eagerly. 
----------- 
 
The order was received well before time i.e. delivery date was supposed to be Mar 3rd, however it delivered on sunday itself by Mar 2nd. 
 
Flipkart team has a great tracking system and the customer (here I experienced the same) can track each activity from billing to packaging to shipping to delivery out...each stage of the process and finally is also informed simultaneously via emails and SMS till the device reaches you. That's an impressive system indeed. 
 
Rest the phone at initial stage seemed a normal device but it is gradually growing on me since I had recently been looking for Premium Devices. The only surprise so far was that the phone could not be immediately put To use (no mobile network) since the phone uses a MICRO SIM, hence to put it to use I had to tether it with my other device. 
 
So far the build quality is good, not too many preloaded apps barring few basic ones, if they were it would save alot (time/effort) initially and start having a great experience, to continue on the excitement build till date. 
 
Overall great service by Flipkart, my view on them changed with this delivery and the device has been delivering on the front since so many people have vouched for it and it seems a value for money for the price paid. 
 
Will add more to the feedback as I use it, for now I have increased the overall rating by 1 point to show at 5 POINTS.just buy MOTO G and get everything u want in a latest phones ...... just loved it...........I have been using these mobile for 2 weeks......... itss daam good..... 
As it is my 1st anroid mob and i want all bst features in a budget range............ so i was searching for 2 monthns which mob shud i take........... wen i read all reviews abt it on flipkart i was happy......... but really guys its perfectly as same as the company said abt it 
ul never get any prblm abt it..... 
pros: 
- love its kitkat anroid update its awesome 
- the build in quality is mind blowing 
- the blue tooth reception is just excellent 
- all games and app works very smoothly without any prblm 
- battery life is very nce...... 
- when i was reading reviews many had tld tht its camera lags but seriously [ all its jst false] camera is vry nce even in daylight and in dark too 
cons: 
i cant just find any cons abt it yet 
m just very happy to have these mobile just loved it.............. 
and yes, thanks to flipkart for such a good service they delivered these product before the date promised to me......... just loved product and flipkart service 
just guys dont waste ur money in finding any other mob in these range just blindly go for it.................Value for money.Well, this is the best phone in the price range..used it for almost one month...enjoying the experience....no lag, good camera in day light, good battery life on basic use, good voice clearity, good volume of loudspeakers and best thing is its stunning look and display quality... 
 
However, there are some issues with phone worth mentioning..it takes more than 3 hours to get battery fully charged with the charger provided..this is really annoying....if we use data cable for charging, it may take 4/5 hours....with data cable if we surf net on 3g or play games, battery actually starts discharging despite being connected to data cable. 
 
I havent experienced any network issues...During first week i faced problems of battery being discharged very fast..but i noticed that GPS was on, wifi was on, brightness was set at maximum, syn was always on and my fon was always connected to 3g network. After optimisation of settings, battery now lasts 15-16 hours with 15-20 mins of gaming, 40-60 mins of calls, 1-2 hours of net surfing, chatting on whatsapp intermittantly for whole day, syn and gps being disabled. The default setting prompts phone to back up all photos to google plus automatically which drains the battery fast..we can set it as 'back up only when connected to charger'. Similary some applications which claims to free RAM and make fon faster also drain battery faster (this is my experience, dont know whether this is happening to my fon only or not). With setting optimisation, i think battery lasts fairly longer. 
 
Overall it is a good phone...far better than galaxy grand which i was earlier usingBetter Than expected.When I was planning to buy mobile I was considering Gionee E5, karbon mobile(Forgot the model no, it was having 1gb ram) and moto G. 
 
While choosing mobile, my inclination was towards the Gionee E5 as processor, camara, slimness, weight and look is better than moto G. 
 
What I was getting in moto G over gionee and karbonn. 
1) Gorilla glass 3: its scratch proof and I am using this mobile with out scratch guard. 
2) Nice Back cover: it has nice scratch proof and shock absorbent cover. 
3) Kitkat OS: now a days most of the mobile has jelly bean OS. It has latest Android kitkat OS. As per reviews on net, other mobile companies doesn't have any plan to release kitkat updates in near future. So every time when there is android new version release, you get that easily as this product. because it is from motorola google. This is the most important point for me to over others. 
4) Pure android device: This is one of the pure android device. 
 
I am using this mobile since 1month. 
What I got after buying this mobile: 
1) Biggest threat for my mobile is my kid. Till now, mobile got fall off from her hand 6-7 times on ground, nothing happened so far. :) 
2) Camera is better than expected. Nice photo quality. 
3) Decent processor and RAM. Never seen any lag while using applications/games. 
4) It got very nice look. 
 
I will update more about it, as I will use it more.Moto G Rocks !!.I have bought this device a week ago from flipkart. I have almost used the every functionality of this device.For me the most watchful thing in smart phone is the battery life and the Moto G battery life is superb comparison to samsung devices, it will last to average 26 hours after browsing, phone calls, videos,games. ( games it depends on individual). The display quality is super which makes you feel like high end devices. The camera really works well in the light and in dark the normal mode not produce that clarity but the HDR mode help you to get the good pictures.(what you can expect in this price range) The best experience is the Android Kitkat, which is lyk cherry on top of the cake. 
The accessories provided with the devices is only sake for the indian consumer mentality as the headphone is the basic one and the charger take two hours to recharge the device. 
 
In the end, the device built quality is solid and it runs smooth and not make you feel like this price range device. 
 
Overall, if i say in on line then its a great Value for Money device !!Awe-negligible... not awesome.Flipkart : 
Flipkart has won me once again. With certain things that I should not mention here, I would just say that since I have been an old fk shopper, fk went a step ahead and away from their usual ways to deliver this product to me. I should say the same to the seller as well. Thanks. But because of certain issues on their part, i could not buy it on the day it was launched. 
 
Product : 
I switched from Samsung galaxy note (call it an upgrade or a downgrade) but I recieved this product in Excellent condition, got an update to kitkat on the same day. There occurred some problems with the network after the upgrade (obviously fk has nothing to do with it) so I searched and reached Motorola Chat Support and these guys were really helpful and guided me the phone. I did that and its working fine now. 
 
The grip of the phone in palm is perfect. Works fine... or very fine rather. 
 
Overall, since I knew what I was looking for and I got it, I am happy. I would recommend that if the specs of this phone match your requirement, go ahead and buy it. Its better than samsungs in this range. 
 
Thanks fk...Trend Setter..Its value for money phone. 
 
Pros: 
 -&gt; Looks are awesome. 
 -&gt; Gorilla glass and nano coating, water resistant so we can rug it like anything. 
 -&gt; No lag for any app, games. 
 -&gt; It has some weight but It feels awesome to hold it in hand. 
 -&gt; Can do any operation using single hand. 
 -&gt; Display is really good. 
 -&gt; Stock android experience 
 -&gt; Touch is buttery. 
 -&gt; Everybody is criticizing camera, guys its not that bad if you want very good camera quality go and buy SLR. 
 -&gt; Battery backup is awesome it will give you complete one day backup for heavy use. 
 -&gt; Motorola migrate makes your life easy to transfer data from your old phone to new phone. 
 -&gt; In 14k build of phone is THE BEST. 
 
 
Cons: 
 -&gt; No expandable memory, you have to survive in 12.5GB(for 16GB model) 
 -&gt; It was getting heated while playing iFighter game, same happened with Galaxy S1 phone as well. 
 -&gt; As it has Stock android, need to download lot of apps as Motorola does not provide any add on user interface like Samsung, Sony or HTC. But its manageable. 
 -&gt; Lot of basic apps are not present(like adobe reader etc) . 
 -&gt; Clock, Calendar widget are very cheap. 
 -&gt; Sound quality is not that good. 
 -&gt; Motorola does not provide data cable.Headphone sucks. 
 -&gt; NFC is missing, even if you had you wont use it so doesn't matter. 
 
Suggestion: Please buy grip cover it is awesome and protects your phone even if it falls. 
 
Though it has few cons still it is best buy. I have been using Galaxy S1 since past 3 years. I found Motorola experience much better than Samsung. 
 
Flipkart service always has been awesome. They have never dispointed me.Best VFM.This is the best value for money phone in India,Brazil and US right now. Miles ahead of the chinese branded Indian phones or other rival company's overpriced similar models. 
Everyone has already reviewed the features so I'll not delve into those but keep in mind they are strictly okayish for a mid range phone. The highlight apart from speed and performance is the almost negligible bloatware .But itna paisa mein itnaich milega . 
If you can compromise on the camera(of course you didn't expect to be professional cameraman with a cellphone) &amp; the lack of SD card slot (again at the most the majority of us will buy an 8GB sd card, very few buy a 16gb and rarely 32) this device offers the most bang for buck. keeping in mind Indian sentiments, Motorola has packed a Charger with a nondetachable cable(so no USB cable) and a very flimsy 2002 nokiaish kind of earphones. The back panel is rubberised for better grip and the first thing to do is change it with the colored ones. 
It's been three years since I've been ordering from Flipkart and they have always delighted me with their prompt service and delivery. Even though they asked for 10 more days for delivery due to &quot;unforeseen circumstances&quot; , my order was delivered within 3. Kudos to them. And Thank god for the bubble wrapping they do coz i saw the way the delivery people handle these goods - worse than a vegetable market. The packing is impeccable as always with loads of bubble wrap to ensure the mobile reaches safely in your hands. 
They also packed a list of motorola service centers near to my area (there are 2). 
Overall an excellent choice for those who were able to order(5000 phones sold in under 15 minutes speaks for itself) and for those who couldn't, believe me, it's worth the wait.Best android phone!.Short review: The Moto G is the best phone this much (or even more) money can buy. Almost every single aspect of this phone is perfect. Its a no-brainer if you are looking for a new phone! 
 
Long review: 
A few key aspects of the phone. 
1. Design: Quite unique compared to most other phones, and curved back has a nice feel. Its comparatively small and can be used with a single hand which is a rarity considering the increasing size of phones today. 
2. Display: The display is very sharp and the colours look vivid. Its very bright and can be viewed outdoors in sunlight clearly. The screen uses Gorilla Glass which is smooth and has held up well so far. 
3. Battery: It is lasts for at least a day with lot of usage, and even 2-3 days with light usage. 
4. Performance: Simply amazing. All day to day tasks can be done quickly. Apps open quickly, multitasking is no problem and there is little to no lag as it runs stock android without any skins unlike other phones (Ex: Samsung, HTC..) 
5. Camera: The camera is average. The LED flash is very bright and helps in certain cases. The front camera is also average and is fine for video calling. 
6. Speakers: The loudspeaker is LOUD. The sound quality is just superb even at the maximum volume. The earpiece is clear. 
7. Quality: The overall build quality of the phone is great. It feels solid and well made. The back cover feels good and fits tightly without any gaps. The charger and headphones provided however are not of the same quality. 
 
The Moto G outperforms its competition and is great value for money. It works as well as a high end phone. 
 
Its not perfect, so here are the cons: 
1. The camera: Its very average and not for you if a good camera is important, but its still the best in its class. 
2. No official service centers 
3. No microSD expansion slot 
4. Non-removable battery 
 
Conclusion: 
It basically doesn't make sense for an average person to buy a more expensive phone. 
Highly recommend it. 
 
NOTE: I don't compare/mention the specifications because finally what matters is the user experience and not how many cores/megapixels etc. a phone has. 
 
Hope this review helped!Excellent phone in this price range - have some problems also as mentioned..I am loving this phone. It has some problems also - go with this if you are OK with those. I am just listing those so that others can have the actual view. 
 
Pros - 
1. Good to handle. 
2. It is really fast - at least now just using for 5 days. 
3. Camera is good(Not as bad as i saw in different reviews) 
 
Cons - 
1. Head phone is not good. It is not a ear phone and the sound quality is also very bad. 
2. Pre-installed Calling app is not user friendly. Saving new contact is bit complex. Looking for a suitable app to handle that part. 
3. at least one SIM slot should have been from the out side of the phone to avoid opening the back cover. 
4. At least one SIM should have a normal SIM[not micro :) I had to take a new sim for this. Now i have to buy one adapter to switch it to my old phone] 
5.Somehow I faced very slow transfer rate through Bluetooth. Looking to fix it through some app. 
6.Sound quality did not matched my expectation. Thinking to install some audio enhancer app to fix it. 
7. Expandable storage is highly missing - with so many apps and games option and having a good Wi-Fi, I am tempted to install so many apps which is taking lots of space. I have 16 GB one - currently have only renaming 7 GB without any audio/video files. Also I have installed uTorrent in my phone which is working fine in my phone with only problem of storage. Motorola should think about this to have that option introduced. Users how want more space can use that.Its awesome :).After the success of Motorola Moto G India flipkart.com will be selling Moto X in five colour variants priced at Rs 23,999. The wood back versions will be priced at Rs 25,999. Speculations were that Moto X will be prices around 30-35k but at 24k its a steal. Features like talk back are exclusive to Moto X. 
 
Already using Moto G since 2 days and the best part about motorola is... 
 
1. Pure android 4.4 kitkat (latest) version. (The Moto G is one of the few devices that has the latest Kitkat 4.4.2 OS which has voice support, an Immersive mode, synced messages, easier sharing, much faster multitasking and more) 
 
2. No user interface running over android (like touchwiz in Samsung). You will experience a pure android experience which was limited to high end mobiles like Google Nexus in India. 
 
3. Buttery smooth touch. 
 
4. Slow motion video recording (The 5 MP rear camera comes with an LED flash and video recording capabilities. It also has nifty features like burst mode, auto HDR, panorama and slow motion video to make capturing pictures and videos easier and more fun. The 1.3 MP front camera makes taking selfies simpler and adds a face to all your video chats.) 
 
5. Responsive screen. No lags. 
 
6. Moto migrate app available on google play (It is simple to transfer all data from your old Android phone, including call and text history, to the Moto G with the Motorola Migrate service that wirelessly updates everything to the device.) 
 
7. Quad core processor (The Quad Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Processor is clocked at 1.2 GHz to make the interface fluid to touch and lag-free to browse through. Moreover, the device has 1 GB RAM to support multitasking) 
 
8. Adreno graphics (Adreno Graphics 305 to let you play graphic-heavy games with great detailing.) 
 
9. Dual Sim. 
 
10. 16 GB of internal storage for music, photos, videos, apps and docs, Moto G also comes with 50 GB of extra space on the Google Drive for two years to back up everything you don't want to lose. 
 
11. The phone has both 3G and Wi-Fi support for fast browsing speeds which will keep you connected. Transfer media or files via Bluetooth or use the microUSB port to link up to your PC. (You can connect your pendrive using an OTG cable) 
 
12. Sensors (The proximity sensor turns off the display when you are on a call to ensure that you don't accidentally hang up, the accelerometer controls the orientation and helps with motion gaming, the ambient light sensor ensures that the screen brightness is optimal for reading and the magnetometer ensures that the maps always show the right directions. The phone also comes with hall effect sensor.) 
 
13. 2070 mAh Li-Ion battery that is built into the body of the device, the Moto G gives you up to 24 hours of mixed usage, ensuring that you stay connected at all times. (Battery not user detachable) 
 
14. Sharp HD display (The 4.5 inch edge-to-edge display comes with 1280*720p HD resolution and 329 ppi - every pixel is sharp, vivid and crystal clear. Day-to-day activities like watching videos, browsing through photos and reading text become a captivating experience.) 
 
15. Corning Gorilla Glass 3. 
 
16. Colouful motorola original flip cover, back cover and grip cover available ( You can give your Moto G a different look altogether everyday). 
 
17. Supports micro SIM. 
 
18. Weight - 140gms. 
 
19. Looks (Moto G may be cheap in price but looks as if you are holding a premium high end mobile) 
 
20. Reasonably priced - 8 GB @ 12499 &amp; 16 GB @ 13999.&quot;Restricted access changed in moto G&quot;.I purchase moto G on 12 march 2014 and I was very much happy with this product.During downloading android apps from play store data connectivity is stop intermittently,I thought that it was network problem. So, I switched off my mobile and switched on.Later data connectivity was working. by some time, one notification appears on status bar top of my mobile &quot;Restricted access changed&quot; and again data connectivity was lost. But it was resumed after some time when again same notification was popup. I put this matter to Flipkart as well as Motorola customer care service. Flipkart customer care took response and their technical experts suggested me to reset it to factory resetting. I did, but it was not useful. During using, I felt that after notification voice connectivity is also got disturbed like when u call some body, call will not go properly, some times other party voice is not coming clearly and loudness of voice gradually slow down. I communicated this matter to Flipkart, later they agreed to replace it. and they did so. Total process took almost 7-10 days time. But unfortunately replaced product is also having same issue. Again I communicated this matter to Flipkart. 
Same time from Motorola customer care said that they are working on it. when ever they will get solution, they will contact me. I thought may be Motorola would contact me after two days or two month or two years. God knows only....No doubt Its worth each penny......Hi friends, 
1. The looks are good nice to hold. 
2. The display is good i would like to say its not excellent. 
3. The gorilla glass (Its nothing to talk about as nokia gives even in 4000 Rs cell). 
4. The battery back is roughly 1 and half day(with a moderate use and constant GPRS ON) 
 I would say we cannot expect more than this these days. 
5. The processor is very good. response is smooth. 
6. Music quality is nice, The earphones, they could be little bit good quality in comparison with sony, samsung, nokia. 
7. There was no separate USB cable(I was totally surprised, I know there are many ways to connect to PC but usb cable is the easiest way to do). 
8. Camera is good as is 5MP. 
9. U can directly connect pendrive its good(But not happy i feel there can be expandable memory).HALF star minus 
10. UI is a disappointing, there are not much apps which are useful. (Dual clock, weather app similar to samsung which is very easy to view different places). 
10. I am confident in saying more people will agree with me that samsung UI is way better than this.(Like calling with dual sim, settings, file manager etc). 
There goes HALF star minus for this UI. 
11. Above all The FLIPKART service is excellent. I love the way they response and deliver and communicate. I wish flipkart much more success. U are better than the annoying shopkeepers who does not know abcd.. inside the cell or even does not bother to entertain the customer just seconds after purchase( we experience a lot agree.?). Thank you very much.My respect in the family has gone up - Read the complete review to find out why.It may not have been accompanied by the flash and razzmatazz of a flagship phone launch, but the Motorola Moto G is still a huge deal, in both senses of the phrase. It's the first handset launched by Motorola in India since it was taken over by Google; and it costs just less than INR 15 k for an impressive specification. 
 
The 4.4.2 update brings a few changes. The phone dialer has been changed and you can now bring up contacts quickly via the number pad by simply entering any string of letters or numbers that appear in that contacts name or number. For example, typing 766 will bring up any contact with POO or MON in their names, or any contact whose number contains that string of numbers. You also get intelligent caller ID, with the phone searching for unknown numbers and providing you with information based on that search, so you have some idea who it is before you answer. 
 
Android 4.4 also supports the new version of Hangouts which combines your instant messaging and SMS apps into one, though you still need to switch between these two streams to keep track of all your conversations via both. 
And most of it can be found on the internet using this same phone. 
 
Delivery &ndash; 10 / 10 
Time to deliver 10 / 10 
Customer Delight &ndash; 10 / 10 
 
I bought 6 pieces of this little monster &amp; it was a gift for my dad, sister, friend, cousin. 
 
My respect in the family has gone up &ndash; not because of the phone (no doubt its cool) &ndash; but the timely delivery.My Moto G review.Reasons why you should buy this phone: 
1) Economical: Phones with this configuration are expensive. This one is not. 
2) Excellent screen resolution: ~326 ppi pixel density (hats off!). I mean it can be compared to big phones like Moto X and Nexus, even iPhone! 
3) Gorilla Glass 3: Trust me, you don't need a scratch guard or a screen guard because of this feature. Smooth yet strong. 
4) Smooth performance: Not single time did I face any issue with performance. It works like charm. I've got 3 HD and several other games and apps, around 200 songs and 4 movies right now in my phone and still no lags! Wow! 
5) Camera: Both main and secondary cameras are quite better... better in daylight or outdoors. Different editing functions allow you to edit or retouch your pics that means no need of photo editing apps. 
6) Storage space: 16 gb is good enough. But stay away from 8 gb variant if you store a lot of stuff in your phone. 
7) Android KitKat: What a system it is! Makes the phone crispier! 
8) Battery life: One week of use and batter life looks good. The phone works well for 12 hours with normal use and 8-10 hours with extensive use. Quite good! 
 
You may want to avoid this phone for these reasons: (They don't matter much though) 
1) Camera: Yeah it's one of the demerits. It works well only in good lighting conditions. Not in the ambient light. 
2) Restricted memory: Memory is restricted only up to 16 gb and no external memory cards slot. 
3) Other accessories: Earphones and charger provided. The charger is okay but earphones are ordinary... They could have provided a better pair. You will need to get your own anyways. No USB cable provided. 
4) Handling: The overall build and extra smooth screen has made the phone a little bit slippery. You will need a bumper case or flip case to protect the phone from falling down. 
 
Despite these Cons above, I'll rate the product 5* for it's performance, the looks and the screen! Good job Motorola and Google!Moto G the best.Now it has been few days using the phone. I have booked it on 6th Feb and received it on 10th Feb. First thing is its beauty, when you keep this on your desk you will realize. Now the performance, excellent no lag till now, although I m not a heavy gamer. Browser works very well.dual sim features are good. Screen is too good, colors are sharp, crisp, you can read even small fonts, credit goes to its pixel density(329ppi). I have upgraded it to KitKat, working fluidly smooth no issue with the update. 
 
Call quality is good( I have heard in some websites that is is not good) it seems like bass level is little more for the voice quality I wish if there had been the voice quality equalizer, but it is not. Equalizer is present but it is for the speaker only. Although, I have not compared it with android devices but my older Motorola w209(Not a smart phone) gives very good call quality(no bass type feeling) 
 
Camera quality is good, its not awesome. In low light also it gives a decent photograph, in daylight it gives very good image. Had the company charged few bucks extra and had given 8mp camera, it would have been a killer phone. 
 
Battery performance is good. It goes little less than 48 hour with moderate usage(~40-50 mins call, ~2-3 hour net surfing, ~30 mins game). 
 
Finally performance wise its rocks. the credit goes to its processor and ram. I don't think there is any alternative in this range. Go for it !Indian First best Kitkat Android phone under 15K.1.	Moto-G has very nice build almost as good as Nexus since it is Google brand. 
2.	It has 1.2GHz quad-core Snapdragon 400 processor and 1GB of RAM for smooth and fast processing. 
3.	It has nano coating making it water resistant. 
4.	It has higher resolution (720p) and more defined display than the iPhone 5S. And feels like Full HD. 
5.	It has Corning Gorilla Glass 3, so screen gaurd is not required. 
6.	Touch sensitivity of this phone is awesome. 
7.	Performance is absolutely fabulous and no lag whatsoever even with heavy usage. 
8.	Battery life is better than Samsung mobiles.It comes for one full day with heavy usage.With normal usage it would come for 2 days easily. 
9.	Loud speaker is decent and not bad. 
10. It will support Pendrive with using OTG cable (Rs 100). 
11.	We can update the Android OS to latest kitkat (4.4.2). Google realeased kitkat rollout in india for MOTO G on 14 Feb. 
 
I have tested my MOTO G 16 GB. Finally it is the best low cost with high quality smartphone. 
Thanks to Flipkart for quick and better service.Exceptional phone.Exceptional price !!!.Order got canceled on 6th....but ordered it again :) well the date extension was the order of the seller....not flipkart...so it not good to blame flipkart for dat issue..anyways i just asked dem for special delivery for 90 rs extra charge...and got it deliverd in 36 hrs !! 
lets talk smething abt phone.... 
 
&quot;Exceptional phone, Exceptional price&quot; 
As the tagline indicates....its really an exceptional device !! at a really good price. 
Lets Talk About The Pros of this device...and then will continue to the cons... 
 
Pros: 
1)A great HD display with good response. 
2)1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad Core Processor !! WoW...its the best in this price range... 
3)Gorilla Glass !! which u knw...is must have these days !! :P 
4)1 gb ram is g8 for smooth performance 
5)2070 mAh Powerfull Battery !! 
6)Works on lastest android platform KitKat !! 
7)A great premium feeling when its in your hand !! 
8)Last...but not the least !! A GOOGLE PRODUCT :) 
 
lets talk about some of the cons 
1)Most Important Con..Limited storage !!! seriously ?? !! :/ 
2)U may feel this device somewhat heavy. 
3)Just OK quality camera...but good for recording videos....it also contains features like &quot;Slow Motion Recording&quot; !! 
Thats It... 
 
Overall...In this price range &quot;Under 20k&quot; this device is leader among all :) 
 
I hope i helped you out by giving a review from my side...Thank You :)reasonable value.I purchased the Moto-g 16GB version. The phone build quality is very good. 
There is no lag in playing games, and and the hardware performance including battery life is good. I however feel this phone is overpriced. The phone comes without a launcher and without any built in apps like weather app which is common in other phones. Most of the menus (like managing contacts) are very basic and sometimes insufficient, for example it was not easy to save the contacts to sim card - you have to first save it to ROM storage and then sim card - the menus are not good. Everything appears basic, but functional. I had to pay another Rs 1500 extra for the original flip cover so the net cost came to Rs 15,500. 
 
Contrast this with Gionee E3 I bought 3 months ago for RS 14,000 (including flip cover). That phone has everything - 16GB internal memory plus 32 GB external; 8MP camera, slim, lightweight with high screen resolution, 4.7&quot; screen, nice launcher, many useful apps, many helpful menus and excellent hardware performance. So when I think of my Gionee phone I cannot give a high rating to Moto-g.Motorola moto g is really is a beast expect some cons!!.This is the detailed review of Motorola moto g,i have been using around i week and i find the following aspects true about the phone. 
PROS: 
1.Display ---best in class ,i don't think you would get such an awesome display in this price. 
2.specs----another stunning aspect is its specs,snapdragon 400 qualcom processor,graphics adreno 305,it means you can possibly run all the games that you can run in s4 smoothly. 
3.size-----The phone is not so big and not too small ,it perfectly fits in our hand. 
4----back cover is another important thing which is &quot;water repellent&quot;. 
5----Android kitkat4.4(latest OS in its class,hopefully we can expect next updation since its from lenovo). 
6.No Lag----whatever app you may run ,it takes a split of seconds to open up,very fast. 
 OVERALL:you could get the premium look of an Iphone in less affordable price. 
CONS: 
1.Battery backup----All of them reviewed the battery is better than any one in this category,but i find its the same,it last around for 5 hrs(with high wifi ,data usage,games etc ). 
2.Network Problem----Like all reviews,there is a network problem,when you are travelling you may get the network to be dropped down(Even if their is a coverage in that place). 
3.Keys----The power button keys are little shaky,i don't know how much quality it has. 
&quot;But guys i would say you can go for it,because you will not get such an awesome beast at these price&quot;!!!Phenomenal Value For Money.Actually .. I didn't get it right - Its much much more that value for money. 
 
You can go to any website and compare this phone to well know stalwarts of the smart phone industry - this phone will not only give them a run for their money, but beat some of them hands down. 
 
The phone has only two absolutely transparent drawbacks - Expandable Memory &amp; Camera Resolution. However at 16GB built in memory, and 5 Megapixel, I found the specs to be much more than enough for my phone usage. 
 
Other than the above mentioned 2 pointers, in case you are not a hardcore gamer looking for the next fastest processor in a phone, this phone's speed, smoothness and accuracy will definitely impress you - not to mention dual-sim facility and FM radio which is not available in any top end phone. 
 
Finally, the fact that made this phone an absolute winner for me, is the price at which this gem can be acquired. The next better phone will only be a little faster, but will cost you double for that speed. 
 
Definitely Recommended, Must Buy.Worth the price !!.An ausom phone for the pric 
Comes with android 4.4 Kit Kat already upgraded when bought on flipkart . 
 
Pros: 1. Battery life lasts an entire day with continuous use and mobile data on. 
2. Camera not very sharp , but one touch burst mode makes u capture moments easily n without a shake. 
3. Phone supports gaming without lag on games like asphault 8 . 
4. Physical looks , dito an iphone with just the button missing , narrow but long phone (on comparison to a Samsung galaxy core 4.3 inch smartphone , the moto g 4.7 inch screen looks smaller) . 
5. Phone comes with a wall charger as some sites say it is not included in the box. 
6.Head phones in the box is a basic one with good volume output but not something focused on in the manufacture. 
7. Loud speaker volume is good. 
8. The mobile comes wiyht gorilla glass (highly scratch resistant) and is resistant to rain water. 
9. All apps work fine. 
Cons : 
1. Kit kat android , not very user friendly and a pain for first time android users. 
2. Phone hae an internal memory of 16gb of which u have 5.4gb to store your apps. (Extrnl sd card not supported) 
 
Bottomline : Best phone for the price , a better and safer brand compared to mircromax , good battery life and can take ruff use.Best budget android phone.Been using this phone for over a month now and its just perfect. 
 
The kitkat update was available as soon as I switched on the phone for the first time. The phone is really smooth and I haven't noticed any lags as of now. 
 
Here are a few things which are worth mentioning: 
1. The qualcomm snapdragon 400 1.2GHz processor is just right especially for me since I do not game much, there is hardly any lag and multitasking is very smooth. 
2. The 720p 4.5 inch display is really crisp and you will notice that the colors are warmer on the Moto G as compared to theNexus. So sometimes you wont get a natural feel,but in my opinion it is very appealing. 
3. The overall design of the phone is compact and though it is a tad heavier than expected, the back cover gives a firm grip and the replaceable back cover makes it attractive. 
4. The 5MP Camera isnt really great,you can click a few great picture in bright light but in the dark it lets you down. 
5. Batter life is one thing which I was extremely happy about. The 2070mAh battery can easily fetch you a days worth of medium usage. Though I havent played games on it. I did use apps like QuizUp etc. 
6.And finally the pricing. This phone is the best budget phone and frankly I would say like many others have that this one is much better than many other smartphones under the 25k price mark. I would suggest to go for the 16 GB one as there is no external memory and you'll have enough space for all the media you want to store. 
 
Overall the phone is brilliant :D I love the phone and am really glad that I bought it. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a phone worth every penny.Good phone, But not without drawbacks..I bought this phone on march 25th. The phone seems to do all that is advertised. Camera, touch, interface everything is cool. But my phone has two issues: 
 
1. The battery wont charge for more than 98%. Even i charge for the whole night it still says charging with the lightning bolt. I factory reset, installed battery doctor no change. 
2. Every once in a while sim 1 becomes automatically disabled and greyed out and I cant even enable it. So right now im using a single sim after having bought a dual sim phone. 
 
I still give 4 stars for the phone cos all other things are good in this phone. This is my first motorola phone and the experience is not so great. Before this I have used a micromax canvas phone which lasted for 1 year before showing any faults. But moto G started having issues from day 2! 
 
Coming to flipkart, I give 5 stars for Flipkarts delivery, but ZERO stars for their aftersales. Its been two weeks since ive requested a return of the device, having called them many times. They seem to be satisfied by just the new customers they are getting. They do not know that a business with poor after sales is not going to last long. Happy shopping..The Chummeshwari phone !!!.I am writing this review after using Moto G for 20 days, and only thing i can say is Awsome......... 
Pros: 
1.Solid build, feels like smartphone not Cheap phone ,the samung ones 
2.Super bright HD screen, infi better than samsung phones in this bugdet.Due to high ppi movie and game experience is great 
3.Screen with Corning Gorilla glass protection, still I am using it without any screen guard and no scratches found yet 
4.Super fast, the underlying Quad-core processor proves itself. No lag in opening,closing and moving between apps.Played Asphalt 8, and it runs flawlessly.what else you can expect !! 
5.Very good battery backup, even after extreme use, it lasts for more than one day 
6.Decent Camera, you can click very good pics if you know how to click. 
7.Good network coverage and call quality, you wont have to search network while in roaming. gprs and 3g access is great 
8.Stock Andorid experience, the pure google thing, you will love it if you love google 
Got Kit-Kat update in few days. 
9.Exceptional Price, no phone with such specifications in market right now 
10.Motorolla, the very first mobile phone making company in world, what else. 
 
Cons: 
Well, no cons found yet, but if motorolla had given a good headset and usb cable with it then it would have been &quot;Sone pe Suhaga&quot;. 
 
And last but not the least, Flipkart.com. Thanks to flipkart for making this phone available in India. Inspite of overwhelming orders of moto g, Flipkart was super performerBest Phone in the price range.Its been a week since I've been using the phone. Flipkart shipped the phone very soon. 
 
Pros: 
Battery Life. Lasts more than a 24 hours. 
Got the promised KitKat update in less than a week of buying the phone. 
It is 99% pure Android. Only a couple of helpful Motorola apps. Almost like a nexus. 
Build quality is good. Feels Strong and sturdy. Screen is scratch and dust resistant. 
It is said to be waterproof but I haven't really tried. 
The phone feels good in the hand. Fits perfectly. Screen size is perfect(4.5 inches). Can be used with one hand unlike most high end Android phones. 
Supports OTG (Can connect a pendrive to it using a separately sold connector). 
User interface is smooth with no lag at all. 
Gaming experience is decent too 
Speakers are very good. With pretty loud and clear sound. 
THE PRICE. At Rs. 14000 (16GB), you cannot possibly get more value for your money. 
 
Cons: 
Camera. Average back and front cameras. You can't really expect more at that price. Although it does take slow motion videos.(They are really cool). 
KitKat is still buggy. Phone has restarted thrice since upgrading. Bug Fix should be out soon. 
Limited storage. 13GB of USB storage is enough for most people, but if you need more, Moto G does not provide it. However OTG is an option. 
 
Verdict: 
Buy it. There isn't a better way to use those 14000 bucks. The cheapest phone better than the Moto G is the Nexus 4. And that costs about Rs. 20000. That says a lot.This Device is worth every paisa(penny) / brilliant Flipkart service.So, I bought a google nexus 4 earlier which I gifted to my friend but I had used it and was hoping to get a device which will give me same smooth functioning like that but with less price. 
 
Then came Moto G - The under half an hour sell out, the bombardment of positive reviews and almost half the price of what Nexus 4 costed. I felt overwhelmed. The waiting time of 20 days was just haunting. Then the waiting time dropped to 6-7 days after 20th feb and I crossed my heart and hoped that it will arrive , sooner. 
 
you can not imagine the happiness one gets when even with the wait time of 6-7 days, you get a mail that your item has been shipped on the same day you ordered it. It was like Christmas or Diwali, if you like bursting crackers. 
 
I kept refreshing the tracking page every half an hour and with Fedex's Standard Overnight Delivery, Flipkart brought tears of happiness in my eyes the very next day. Kudos for that !! 
 
Now about the device: 
 
Smooth - This device is as smooth as mustard oil on the palm of your hand - think about it, feel the words. 
 
Design - This device has got acknowledements from my friends the very first day I took it to office (few people who did not already know about Moto G), the others who had read reviews admired the phone and its design. 
 
16 GB - I immediately tranferred all my music and videos from old phone(BB 9650) to this 
one and MX player and Rocket Music player brought oasis views and symphonies to my senses in no time. If you have an android phone already - Motorola app will help you in easily transferring your data. 
 
The 1GB Ram - Its ENOUGH. I won't deny that having 2 GB in nexus 4 was not a relief on the functioning part but I have been playing Minion Rush, Hill Climb Racing, Ingress on this device and the performance is brilliant(please note there is Rocket Music player pumping beats in the background as well). 
 
The 2 cameras: I will admit that 5MP is not the best but its not bad either. you want DPs, you have loads of editors on PLAY store to get the effects you like. I prefer Aviary. The secondary camera meets the purpose of video calls or a jugaadu mirror or a pixelled selfies generator. 
 
The Battery Door material: Please note the stuff used to make back of the phone is not cheap plastic. it looks great and that silver M of the moto adds to the killer looks. 
 
The HD screen: I played HD videos on this device and they worked just fine and looked awesome. I got a matte screen guard for it- which was a mistake as with AUTO brightness it gives a pixelleted version of HD. So you need to increase brightness and that drains battery a little faster. Though the screen is Gorilla glass 3 so no screen guard is needed, only a flip cover will do but as prevention is better than cure, do have something between your sticky fingers and that beauty of a screen. 
 
last but not the least: 
The Battery: As promised the moto battery has lived upto its expectations. I charged it the first day to a 100% and it took around 8 hours of regular app downlads on Wifi and 8 hours standby and then another 4 hours of game play to reach 20% at which point battery doctor turns red, which is pure awesome. 
 
I recommend this phone to those who do not wanna spend too much on a phone which satisfies all your smartphone needs. 
 
Hope this helps !Good Phone and a great delivery.I have placed an order for 16 gig Moto G on 22nd Feb and received on 25th Feb, well within the estimated time. Thanks to Flipkart for a timely delivery with good packing. I have not yet started using the phone in full potential as I carry Nokia Lumia 720 currently. But, the reviews says, Moto G has all the latest weapons for the modern requirements. The camera is not that great to capture sharp pictures, otherwise, it has good clarity on the videos with HD quality and apps are butter smooth. 
 
In the meantime, I would request Flipkart to consider the Loyalty Bonus or kind of Benefits to its existing customers who are regularly placing the order for one or the other things. Apparently, I don't see any difference or advantage between the new client and regular client. This is important, otherwise the open markets are offering much more benefits and the advantage of physically experiencing the product before buying. This would help the regular client to stick to Flipkart rather than searching for various other options including the other online shopping markets. 
 
Good going Flipkart! 
Girish,nice moto &quot;G&quot;, in blackish mood,,,.,,hi guys, 
,,i have bought this peace of machinary on yesterday,,flipkart has amazing service although some times it looks awkward bcz they told us that the package will be reached after saturday 29 march,,but on saturday 22 march i got a call for rcving the moto g by flipkart,,,strange 
 ,,now about the phone,,hey guys its awesome, brilliant style awesome looks,,what do we need these all things just packed in that beautiful young lady,,comfort to hold,and 1 thing,, feeling of getting this one in my palm is pleasure..(how comfort this one is,and,very sleek too,,) 
this is the best mobile in that price segment... 
 ,what we are getting????,,we are getting quade core processor, gorrilla glass3,a trusted brand ( which is obviously motorola a company from google,,) 
,,apart from that it has got kit kat update,,yesssssss,,,this is the biggest selling point,, 
,,although it has heating problem a little bit,butttttt,something we should know about, 
,,if we are spending money approx 14k we must have to compromise for this specification,otherwise you can go for some cheap brand like karbon,micromax etc, 
,no one can come closser with this black beauty,, 
,,good phone guys must go for it,,,,,,,,i recommend,, 
,,be honest, keep shopping,, 
,,,,,,,ba,bye,,Excellent mobile - Great Value for Money.I ordered this mobile through Flipkart using the 'Delivery in a day' option and it was delivered as promised. But initially I faced some issues with the call quality in the mobile. However after updating the Android version to the latest kitkat this problem got resolved. Here are some pros and cons I experienced while using this mobile the past few days. 
Pros: 
1. Strong build with rubbery back. Its a pleasure to hold. Since the screen size is 4.5 inches, we can operate this with one hand and do not need both hands as in case of larger mobiles. 
2. Excellent Screen clarity for watching videos, photos, reading ebooks etc. Readability is good even when viewed outdoors under the hot sun 
3. Nice Processing speed, can run heavy apps/games without a glitch 
4. GPS is excellent and works well with Google maps. Locks in position more quickly than any mobile I had used previously 
5. Has option of connecting to pen drives, hard disk through OTG. This is especially useful since the memory is not expandable 
Cons: 
1. Camera quality is very poor. 
2. Not satisfied with the quality of inbuilt music player 
3. On moderate to heavy usage, battery drains out in less than a day.The best phone I ever had.This probably is my 3rd smart phone so far. 
 
Regarding the product: 
 
The phone is still a shocker for me. Seamless performance. I have been hitting the processor with very hard applications and it was still giving the same speeds. 
 
The screen and touch were a delight. 
 
Man! the phone has got the best of the features and that too for 14k? that still sounds unbelievable to me. 
 
One good feature I liked was Moto Assist. That blocks all the calls when I am asleep or when I am in a meeting. I could have a sound sleep since a couple of days as people keep calling me from U.S in the nights or drop mails and messages. This fellow keeps silent and shows them only when ur awake. 
The product will get a 5 star from me 
 
Regarding the Service: 
 
I always have a position impression about flipkart. Previously I bought galaxy tab 10.1 and I had the best service then. MOTO g is not a small thing. There were too many orders and yes it got delayed but yes flipkart got me at the earliest. Considering the demand and the kind of delivery they gave I give it a 5 star.Good Phone : But Watch Out for a few Problems.1) The charger didn't work out of the box. 
2) Signal reception on this phone is terrible. Calls drop abruptly. You get 3G signals if you are lucky. My earlier XOLO Q700 had no such problems. Forums on the internet say that this is a software problem post Kit Kat 4.4.2 upgrade. Well then I hope they roll out a patch soon. Else using this phone as a main business phone is unthinkable !! 
3) Screen gets garbled sometimes. Artifacts appear randomly. Even this has been reported on forums on the internet and I am keeping my fingers crossed that even this should be a software problem. Else I am doomed. 
4) The original flip-covers are atrociously high priced. I am not expecting a 70% discount like the early birds got. But still, buying a cover ( for a budget phone ) which is about 11% of the phone purchasing cost is something which the rational person in me doesn't quite agree fully !! 
 
However, I did and would still continue to root for this phone. The advanatages of this phone have been well documented in lots of reviews. But point no. 2 and 3 above are serious problems, because it affects the very basic functionality of the device - i.e. phone calls and rich display. However, if this is ironed out in an OTA update, this will no doubt be the best phone in India at that price level. 
 
Only if they solve those problems though.... 
 
After a few days of calling customer care, Flipkart gave a token compensation for the charger... But this incident was a big letdown on the &quot;new-phone-excitement&quot;. Flipkart delivery was good. I have purchased lots of stuff from them. Never reviewed a single item till now.. I am sad that my first review was a negative one.MotoG a great value for money product!.This is definitely the best product in the mid price range. It looks and feel premium in hand and is quite snappy. It does so signs of lag when playing high graphic games but it is still the best among all devices with 1gig RAM. Battery is good, though I heard many saying it last over a day for me it lasted around 20hrs. I do have heavy usage of my phone breakup for 20hrs: 4hrs of call, 2hrs of browsing and 3hrs of playing games and fiddling for review and 1hr of wifi tethering to use my 3g connection on laptop. rest 10hrs were standby in battery saving mode. This was from full charge to 5%. 
FM interface is very primitive and does not catch all stations though one can tune in desired frequency but it doesnt allowing saving it. 
Google has done good optimization in voice recognition and commands. It does catch Indian accent and names very well. 
Moto help isnt great neither is migrate. However, for one who has loads of important sms and call logs migrate does a great job. Touch and Camera of the phone is like it's build quality. They are premium. One should compare a 5meg camera with a 12or13 meg cam sensor. 
All on all great smartphone at the price point. 
 
Oh!! why 4 on 5? 
Flipkart website showed that order is confirmed, however since I had selected for COD they need a telephonic confirmation before shipping. I wasn't aware of this till I had called FK to discuss my previous order's CB payment. This delayed the delivery by 1 day.Moto G - Son of NEXUS.An awesome mobile in a budget prizee 
I am a nexus user ..i need moto g because of dualsim and usb OTg nexus not having 
 
Pros: 
1.2 GHZ Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad Core Processor 
1GB RAM 
Andreno 305 
HD IPS Display 
Pure ANdroid 
USB on d GO 
Camera : 
 
Camera clarity is poor on the begining...now camera updated by google and now its awesome... 
 
 Advantage of not having Expandable Memory : 
 
People who are saying not having expandable memory is a problem i wanna say one thing.... 
if a phone with expandable memory larger games are loaded in the expandable card and there will be a lag in accessing the game and game play but the mobile which having internal memory alone the lag is replaced....because of faster access ...if u used Class 10 Card also a lag will be there so Great mobiles only having internal memory 
Nexus 4, NExus 5 ,Apple iPhone 
 
Internal Battery : 
 
Internal battery is also and advantage.. 
External battery mobiles if it fall down all componensts disassembled..then a gap is formed between the batttery and the terminal..internal batteries are directly connected by the clip pins.... 
Dont worrry if ur mobile gets hanged....usually its not but if its hanged just press power button more than 15 sec's...thats all 
 
Sound Clarity : 
 
my one fnrrd planned to buy sony Xperia C i just giva a moto g and told to check sound quality...first with default headphones..then he try with samsung bud type geniune headset....its awesome clarity and he planned to buy moto G 
 
Dual sim: 
 
People say dual sim phones are built in a poor quality like samsung dualsim android phones...but moto g is a best of alll 
 
i preferred all ma frnds to buy moto G more than 10 are bought that and using in SuccessfullyThe volkswagen beetle of the phone industry.Motorola has a rich legacy when it comes to making phones. It was the company which invented the cellphone and later came up with many revolutionary products which had a deep impact on the cellular industry. 
When Motorola made this phone it had a very clear concept in mind. It was not making just another phone to sell in the market. It was making a phone which would offer the best value for money. A phone which would provide the users a premium android experience at medium price. 
 
THE GOOD 
While making the Moto G, Motorola made the right decisions every time. To power the needs of an average user they packed it with a 1.2 Ghz processor. To make the phone look premium they borrowed some of its designs from the Moto X. They used a 4.5 inch 720p screen and then covered it with corning gorilla glass 3 so that the phone had the best display in its price range. They equipped the phone with a battery which would last you the entire day on moderate usage. They iced the cake with, a water resistant coating to protect the phone from occasional spillages and packed it with kitkat the latest offering from Google. 
 
THE BAD 
To cut costs they equipped the phone with a mediocre camera (5mp) which is good for taking the occasional snap to post on facebook and removed the SD-Card slot thus making the phone memory non-expandable. They also made the battery non-removable. 
 
THE VERDICT 
After using the phone for a month or so I have come to the conclusion that the phone offers the best value for money. It beats its competitors, in the same price range, by a long margin and can even compete with some of the flagships of samsung (s3), apple (iphone 4), and google (nexus 4) which are a generation old (all of them currently priced almost double of moto g). Moto G has a wide user base worldwide, hence you can always expect support for the phone. The back cover can be changed for a color or design of your choice, hence you wont get bored sporting the same color. To sum it all up I would like to say that it is not the best phone around, Motorola never made it with that intention. However, it is undoubtedly the best value for money phone. I am sure most critics and people who have used this phone would agree with that.!!!BEAST UNDER 20000!!!.I am using MOTO G 16 GB for 1 month!! 
Before that too i had ordered a MOTO G which had some technical issues...thanks to Flipkart....it was replaced. 
Then...the new set is working super cool!! No problem has arose in 1 month! Instead of going for canvas magnus,canvas 4,galaxy core,xperia m or l,htc desire 501 etc under 15k and grand neo,quattro,xpperia c,turbo or any other under 20k...go for MOTO G blindly!! 
.....Now coming to its features.....&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
 
Pros- 
1.SUPER DESIGN AND BUILT QUALITY 
2.GORILLA GLASS AND FINGERPRINT-RESISTANT BACK (Once i dropped it on a dusty rocky surface &amp; believe me...the screen didn't have a single scratch..Only the back part got scratched [it was too small] ..as i said..the back is fingerprint resistant..not scratch resistant..[for better protection use AMZER back case..rs 500...]..and the back cover is not slippery like samsung devices..i remains in hand..) 
3. 2 MICROPHONES..GOOD CALL QUALITY! 
4.CAMERA QUALITY IS FAB!(Though its only 5MP HD..[Dont go with MP..see the company] Its better than htc 501..[8MP]) SECONDARY CAMERA IS ALSO SUPERB!! 
5.ANDROID v4.4.1 KITKAT 
6.1.2 GHz QUAD CORE PROCESSOR (Not a single lag till today..I have 46 downloaded apps..example-asphalt 8,dead trigger 2,into the dead,riptide gp 2,temple run oz,temple run 2,dhoom 3,subway surfers,spl etc...) 
7.1 GB RAM (Plays all the hardcore and casual games without a single lag) 
8. ADRENO 305 GRAPHICS (Hardcore gaming with great graphics quality) 
9.720p VIDEOS..(Awesome quality video..use MX Player) 
10.4.5 INCH SCREEN (Not too small...not too big..so its handy) 
11.BATTER BACKUP IS AWESOME..(Lasts for 1 day at moderate use[3g on for 2-3 hrs]) 
12.16 GB INTERNAL STORAGE (12.9 GB available) 
 
Cons- 
1.NO EXPANDABLE (If u can adjust with 12.9 GB then u can have MOTO G) 
2.MICRO SIM (I use Reliance 3g net pack [6GB 3 months]..so once the validity of one card is over..i have to get another one but u have to cut the other sim again..better u should get a sim card cutter) 
 
These are the only two cons i have faced or found! If u have problem with micro sim and no expandable memory...then its for u...! Motorola is a very trusted company...[even the president of america uses this company...Really!!!] NO Problem with this phone at all...its the best under 20k....So in my view... 
ITS A BEAST UNDER 20K!!! BLINDLY GO FOR IT...IT WILL NOT UPSET U! 
(*If u find the review helpful then please report!)Best phone under 20k, full satisfaction. very appealing prize and features. JUST GO FOR IT.I got my MOTO G in just 5 days. 
Thanks to flipkart and logistics for such a good service. 
Fully trusted and honest review. 
In mid-range smartphones (under 20-25k inr) out of 10 i'll rate, ITS, 
Performance - 8/10 ( Gaming 9/10) 
Built Quality - 9/10 
Screen - 10/10 (Just too good) 
Camera - 6/10 (not bad, but need good light environment) low light image is drawback though 
Call Quality - 6.5/10 (little heavy voice) 
The Motorola Moto G is a compact phone with a screen-size of 4.5 inches. The phone easily snuggles into my palm and its rounded corners make it comfortable to hold and operate the phone. Its rubbery back with a matte finish not only gives it a handsome look, but also makes it non-slippery and scratch-resistant. The rear of the phone has a slight ergonomic curve. Moto G is a solid, no nonsense handset, it's not fancy but it's not ugly either, but also there was no lag in performing any function. Even 1080p videos played very smoothly on the Moto G. 
 Motorola being owned by Google (now LENOVO) we were hopeful that the handset would ship with the latest version of Android. The handset initially shipped with 4.3, but an update to the latest version, Android 4.4.2, has now been released. You should update your phone immediately if required. Undoubtedly, Motorola has re-entered the Indian market with a device that combines the right mix of features and price. This budget phone is value for money and makes to my recommendation. Seriously if you are spending money on Micromax, Xolo , Gionee etc etc.. You are just wasting your money. JUST WITHOUT ANY DOUBT GO FOR IT.. :)Exceptional Phone! Speedy Delivery !!.This is the only phone I bought without doing research. Just saw the features and ordered 16GB version on 23rd feb noon and the phone was shipped in a couple of hours. Got the phone in hand on 26th morning. Great Packing by Flipkart !!. As Expected the phone is awesome! and for 14k it is mind blowing !!. Phone looks solid, comfortable in hands. This phone has got all the missing features of my old phone HTC Desire C like LED Flash, Front Cam, Notification LED, A Quad Core processor !!! . Coming to its performance , it scored 8870 on Quadrant which is better than all the phones in that price range. All games,apps which I tried worked flawlessly. 
Still waiting to get a kit kat update because some users stated problems with SIM detection after update . But will surely try within few days. 
Front Cam is superb, screen density is excellent.I'm not worried with the absence of SD slot. 
 
Cons: 1) I'm not impressed with the charger, earphone quality. It looks totally cheap. At least it doesn't suit this awesome phone. They could have done this reduce price but charger should be good, they could have left earphone in the package. Charger gets heated up too much :(. 
2) Accessories are white in colour even though you have a black phone ! 
3) Rear Cam is not upto the mark. 
 
Conclusion : Must buy phone for 14k. Thank you MOTO !!Wow its Amazing !! More than I expected !!.Wow..its more then I expected !... Just superb..! Before I order I have seen lots of review on YouTube.. I think i did not left any review to watch... 
I got also surprise that my 16GB with Android (4.4.2) Kitkat OS ! no need to upgrade it. 
I did compare with mostly all mobile.. Xperia C,M,,, Samsung quattro, Grande Neo, Grand 2, S4 mini..HTC 500, 310 new one.. LG Optimus L &amp; G lite pro.. ( other non reliable canvas, titanium, xolo, Panasonic, hp series...) 
I wanted something different and reliable... Moto G water resistant is amazing..after two days of use my better remains ! sound Quality is nice... Actually lots of people don't like its camera performance but its wrong...at this price point you get slow motion video.. its take decent picks. all above mentioned phone except some non reliable mobile no one provide gorilla glass at this price... Its screen is Crystal Clear !! 
 
Don't forget to order Flip cover ! white looks Superb ! with texture its look more premium ! 
 
Over all its The Best Mobile Phone...!! 
 
Just don't like its packing. :( Mobile packing must be properly sealed !Welcome back Motorola!.I've used the Moto RAZR2 V8 in the past (2007-2008), and was in love with the looks of the phone. In those days too, it was archaic in terms of features when compared to the Nokia N Series phones. But something kept me glued to it. 
 
Today, I use a Nexus 4, and I was glad about the Google connection for Motorola when it happened. When the news spread for Moto G coming to India, I remember telling all my friends (who were due for an upgrade) about how good a value for money this phone would be. 
 
Thanks to all the chaos and anarchy on the flipkart website during the launch, I ended up ordering one for my friend who was too far from his computer (read 20 steps / 2 mins away). We knew that if we were to wait, we would miss the stock, and we were right. 
 
So here we are. Our order is placed and we are waiting to welcome back Moto :) 
 
As for the phone, who am I to pass the judgement? All known authorities over the web are head over heels about the value proposition this phone offers. Just go for it! 
 
UPDATE - The phone has been received now and it has exceeded our expectations. Motorola has done a good job!! 
 
- Anant SharmaWonder Wonder in a box !.OK, after lotta searching,scratching google and other sites to give me the best phone in my budget-MotoG arrived. Git it 5 days back, been using it for a while. One word: WONDER in a box ! It took me this while coz i was busy in maximising the space in the phone ;) 
Have been an ardent follower of Motorola,high end Nokia phones,then to BB, then when BB went down, i searched for nearly a month to get the best in my specs need and budget. MotoG(bought 16gb) fits right in ! Nostalgic ! 
I'm not gonna talk any jargons; but here is the summary of my experience- 
+ves = 
1. Battery : WIth 3g on throughout, medium heavy gaming,calls, text etc etc; it comfy lasted for more than 24 hours (this is after i've already worked up its memory) 
2. Smoothness of touch and working : AMAZING ! no lags,no delay...its absolutely real time, i mostly play online gaming, thus i hate any delay/lag in gaming. i felt like kissing the phone for its performance (i'm sure u guys would've read about snapdragon processors). Neither ipods nor even the iphone4s(last phone) could give me this experience. Trust me guys, with the earphones in- u'lll lose track of the time ! 
3. Call/Messaging : crystal clear sounds,excellent call clarity, big enough to fit in hands and smooth transformation of the keys for texting. Superb ! 
4. Camera : Good enough to meet the requirements of clarity,multiple shots,Probably the best choice in this range. No granulation even if you zoom in in ur pc. I can't ask for more than this 4m a fone in this range. Else buy a camera, it would be worth. 
 
I can go on and on, but i'd ask you guys to try ur hands on it 4m some mobile store and then compare it with Nexus4,Iphone4s/5,Samsung(except note3), Don't even think about Micro or any such other phone(they don't stand a chance for a budget phone). 
-Ves = (none till now !) 
1. Its not Note3 or HTC1 or iPhone5 ! cz if they can then they'll charge you even for holding the phone. MOtoG is inexpensive,gives them run for their money and ha 4.4KK android(u'll immediately upgrade it) 
2. Its not 7&quot; (only if size mattered in this case ;) cz that big a phone is for what i dunno-buy a tab people !) but its the best 'phone' that you can hold :) 
 
Additional stuff - waterproof, scratch proof, sturdy body and easy to hold and take pics(click anywhere on the screen, not on a particular area/button) 
 
Good if you guys have been thinking, it was worth the wait :) If your budget isThe best phone you can get..If you are looking for a decent android experience, i.e if you need an android phone that gives the true android experience and good battery life in the best budget range, then this is the phone you need to buy. 
I had a budget restriction of around 15,000 when buying a phone, after a lot of searching and waiting i was able to get my hands on moto g and i am completely satisfied with what i invested my money on. 
I loved the quality of build, the materials used are good, good battery life (any type of use, it lasts from the full charge in morning and around 20% to 30% in the evening), decent processing power and multi tasking for the phone of its price range. 
 
I will summarize it as 
Pros 
Good build quality - (Corning gorilla glass 3) 
Decent display - (although &gt;300ppi we can see some pixel upon really close observation) 
Good battery life - (i use it for games and keep it on mobile data all the time but with a full charge in the morning i get left with around 20-30% in the evening) 
Apps - the apps and games run good on moto g and i rarely get any lag on the phone, at such a price and the experience you have is top notch, 1gb ram does give a good experience. 
 
Cons 
of course they are not actually cons but certain limitations you need to trade off for the price 
5 MP camera, picture quality in daylight is good but i face some problems with focus and the images look too soft sometimes. 
No expendable SD card, you get around 13 GB on the 16 GB version which is quite enough but having a SD card can open you up to easy data transfer and other possibilities 
and Yes, somewhat a harsh ride to link it and use it with your lcd tv 
 
If you want an android phone within 15000 its the best phone you have got in the market.Moto G -Your Pocket-friendly Neighborhood.1. Looks = Sexy 
2. Feel = Awesome when you touch it every time 
3. Ease of use = Well..yes..of course.. but can be improved 
4. Weight = Well well..as u r looking for a sexy one, the weight is proportionate too 
5. Trustworthy = Got the Kitkat after 3 days of purchasing it.. As Motorola promised! 
6. Battery = The 2070 mah battery (which is not removable by the user) is just too good. After using it heavily (net surfing, calling, movie) for 14 hours (almost in a stretch) the battery showed me that he had 24% of life still remains! This is really good! 
5. Camera = I am not even close to my satisfaction with the picture quality of the said 5 MP rear camera (though the front camera is somehow good enough!). There is lack of options in the setting of the camera too 
6. Accessories = Everything is there except an USB cord.. I think it should have been included in the box 
7. Flipkart = Placed my order at 12:06 AM on 6th February (the Moto G launch day in India) and can u believe it! I got my Moto G 16 GB at 6:30 PM on 8th February! Amazing service! 
 
In short = You can not get or even expect to get anything close to Moto G at this price (Do not forget to include the name of Motorola in your budget!)!Good product for it's price.Pros: 
 
1. Clear Display 
2. Good in call/ speaker sound 
3. KitKat out of the box 
4. Good processor and graphics processor. 
5. Perfect Size. I hate phone of 5 inch display. 
6. Scratch Proof screen 
7. 1 GB ram in this price 
8. 16 GB internal Memory :) 
9. Dual Sim 
10. Decent battery life 
11. OTG support 
12. Noise cancellation with dual mic 
 
Cons: 
1. Poor Camera. 
2. Sound distorts when playing video 
3. No external memory card support 
4. Poor quality in box accessories 
5. No DataCable, No OTG cable in the box 
6. Flip Covers are too costly for a budget phone ;) 
7. being a stock android, the UI sucks. No where like Xperia or HTC Sense. 
8. There is no button. Button is withing the screen. So when you play game you are not using the full screen. Though for video it uses the full screen. 
9. Takes too much time to charge the battery 
10. Non-removable battery 
11. Can't use FM on speaker ( I don't have FM signal, my friend confirmed this) 
12. Little bit heavy compared to my old smart phones 
 
I will update this as much as I can with my experience with the phone.Go for it. Read this review to know why..First of all, excellent service from Flipkart. Quick dispatch and swift delivery. They took only two and a half business days to deilver it to my location which is 600 km away from Bangalore. Since I ordered both Moto G and Motorola Flip Cover for Moto G (Black) together, they were put in one single pack and packing was satisfactory. 
 
When I unboxed the phone and took it out and held it up in my hands, I felt I made a good decision in buying it. Excellent build quality and pleasant grip. And when I switched the phone on and began using it, I was relieved to find that the phone had everything that was promised. Great display quality - be it images, video or text, the display quality is simply awesome. Smooth touch response and a host of features. 
 
About the camera: Though the phone has been much criticized for its camera quality, I found that it took good pictures under optimum lighting conditions. Of course, indoor shots suffered a bit, but it performs really well outdoors or where there is good light. You can Google for Moto G's camera samples and believe me, you won't be disappointed. 
 
About the storage: The 16 GB variant gives you about 12.5 GB free space. For me that's more than sufficient because I never stuff my phones with loads of media files. That said, 12.5 GB would be a lot of digital storage space for most of us. So, it hardly makes any difference that Moto G has no expandable storage. 
 
I ordered Motorola's flip cover (cost about Rs. 1200) along with Moto G. The cover is premium quality and complements Moto G really well. Don't go for some cheap flip cover. You are buying a great phone that saves you enough money. It deserves a good quality flip cover. Of course, the phone comes with Corning Gorilla Glass which means you don't have to worry about screen scratches but a good cover will protect the rest of it's body and keep the dust away. 
 
UPDATE (04 May, 2014 - 12 days of use): 
 
Moto G tends to lose Internet connectivity at times. I read somewhere that Motorola is aware of this issue and is working out a fix. But that's no serious issue to me as it has not caused any major inconvenience even though I use Internet a lot. 
 
I found that my phone's touch response suffered when I connected my to wall charger. After a few minutes of charging process and especially when the battery reached 90% to 100% charge level, the phone tends to become rather unresponsive to touch. Upon some research, I realized that this was a common issue with some capacitive touch screen devices including many laptops and that the issue was usually caused by a faulty charger. 
 
I contacted Flipkart about this issue, and they promptly refunded Rs.1000 (the credit appeared in my Flipkart Wallet instantly) and I was asked to purchase a different charger with the help of a Flipkart Sales Executive. So, I am happy. 
 
Great customer service. I don't think you get that everywhere else. 
 
VERDICT: BUY MOTO G WITH ITS PREMIUM COVER. YOU WON'T REGRET. No phone is perfect, but Moto G comes very close to being perfect for the price it offers.U got 2 buy it.I ordered the 16 gig version a week ago and every time i have used it the phone feels much better than 14k. The whole nexus interface alongwith kitkat makes it look much better than the samsung handsets in this range. Now THE REVIEW- 
              What U Get 
1. A 1.2 Ghz Snapdragon processor , an Adreno 305 GPU , 1GB RAM (Pure Speed...Enough said!) 
2. 4.5 inch IPS 720p screen ,Gorilla Glass 3 and pixel density almost that of iphone 
3. 5MP camera that takes decent photos. 
4 .1.3MP front camera (Both the cameras shoot 720p video) 
5 .A curved design that fits amazingly in ur hand 
6 .16gb internal memory , 50Gb on google drive and it supports otg too(12.92gb is available to the user but i got around 11.6gb maybe because it was already had been upgraded to kitkat) 
             What U Dont Get 
1. EXPANDABLE MEMORY (The worst cost cutting decision of moto g) 
2. Not the best camera phone in this range 
3. USB cable(come on , Motorola) but it supports almost any cable compatible with a previous smartphone of yours 
 
The moto g is one of the best buys in the market. It has a few shortcomings but which phone doesnt . For those who are looking for a bigger phone with same features and a better camera i would recommend canvas 4 but let me assure that u wont get a better display nor better speed in this range.Detailed Review-Moto G !! Yes,Moto G is a game changer.Hello All 
 
Just like you all I was also very curious about Moto-G and now i can say I am a proud owner of a Moto -G.If this is your 1st mart phone congratulations your search to a budget smartphone has come to an end.Moto G and Motorola X have brought the company back to the discussion in smartphone market. It gives me immense pleasure when I see this phone is compared with Nexus 4,apple I-phone 5c 
 
Well quikly i will tell you the Cons 1st. 
Cons 
1.Camera is not great.You can get some apps like camera 360. The camera delivers decent but uninspiring shots in good lighting conditions. Dont think about Camera .Just think what else you are getting in 14k ! 
2.Screen width is bit small.Nokia Lumia's 4.29-inch Capacitive Touchscreen looks bigger than it. 
3.Weight -140 g 
4.Internal- 16 GB not its 12 GB only (Dont like Google drive idea.. ComE on Google !!! Google is offering 50GB of free Google Drive storage for two years for every Moto G buyer, which is additional to the standard 15GB available to every Google account user. However, cloud storage is no substitute for physical storage, especially since budget users won't have very expensive data plans.) 
 
Here comes the List of Pros which you get after investing 14k. 
1.Android 4.3 Jelly Bean 
2.Display-IPS LCD 
3.FM -	Yes(no FM in Google nexus 4) 
4.Motorola Moto G is up with a quad-core 1.2GHz Cortex-A7 CPU 
5.Motorola has also used a nano-coating on the Moto GFindings about Moto G 16 GB.I bought Moto G with 16 GB memory from filpkart. 
 
1. The item is delivered before time. 5/5 for delivery 
 
2. When I opened the box the phone looks awesome and I feel good when I kept in my hand. 5/5 for look and feel 
 
3. The box do not contain a data cable. The heads free is of just OK kind [not with soft buds]. 3/4 for accessories 
 
4. The phone do not have any slot for expandable memory. 
 
5. I was looking for some accessories to protect my phone from scratches so I found 2 options 1. other cheaper covers and screen gaurds. Motorola original flip cover over Flipkart. I went through Motorola orginal and findit good and suits with the device. SO its better to buy the combo [moto G + flip cover]. 
 
6. The phone is come with Android 4.4.2. when I tried to update..I do not find any android update yet 
 
7. Many a times I found the signals of mobile getting orange colored and I could not hear any voice if dial any number or receive a call. I able to speak once I reboot the phone but color did not changed. 
 
Note: I tried following options too 
1. reseting the mobile network byt searching and choose automatically or Vodafone 
2. changing network mode 3G or 2G 
3. when I try to place the sim on other mobile, there was not problem. So I could not confirm if issue is with network or inside the mobile.Best phone in the price@.i'm so happy to buy the new moto g... 4.4 kitkat quick upgraded.. 
What I am getting is - 
 
1. Corning gorilla 3 protection which is scratch proof even if you try to scratch it with keys 
2. water resistant (oops I accidentally put my phone with my clothes to wash good lord its alive). 
3. snapdragon 400 1.2 gh (I saw reviews on youtube and its almost as fast as nexus 4 that is 25k sometimes it was faster than samsung s4 ) 
4.display is awesome 326pixels per inch on a 4.5 inch screen and that on an apple iphone 4s its 329ppi on a 4 inch screen Impressive!!! moto g 
5.According to one of the reviews in youtube the call clarity in other phones is better but the noise cancellation in moto g is better so I guess it is for me coz i mostly work in noisy surrounding. 
6. the camera is not the best but in good light it will give you decent images with bright colors and it records 720p hd so nothing to question. 
7. customizable colored covers which will never let you feel bored the color options are really good bright and lively 
8.Dual sim - avail the best std and local offers by two service providers 
9. the phone gives 50 gb google drive space for 2 years 
10 the phone is usb otis compatible you can connect a 32 gb pendrive if extra space is needed(although i dont need it I already spent 50k on my laptop and 5k on an external drive for storage. 13 gig that is available is decent for me ) 
I think in India we are getting charger and headphones i hope soMoto G - Ultimate Xgen Phone.What I am getting in - Moto G 16gb Phone 
 
1. Corning gorilla 3 protection which is scratch proof even if you try to scratch it with keys 
2. water resistant (oops I accidentally put my phone with my clothes to wash good lord its alive). 
3. snapdragon 400 1.2 gh (I saw reviews on youtube and its almost as fast as nexus 4 that is 25k sometimes it was faster than samsung s4 ) 
4.display is awesome 326pixels per inch on a 4.5 inch screen and that on an apple iphone 4s its 329ppi on a 4 inch screen Impressive!!! moto g 
5.According to one of the reviews in youtube the call clarity in other phones is better but the noise cancellation in moto g is better so I guess it is for me coz i mostly work in noisy surrounding. 
6. the camera is not the best but in good light it will give you decent images with bright colors and it records 720p hd so nothing to question. 
7. customizable colored covers which will never let you feel bored the color options are really good bright and lively 
8.Dual sim - avail the best std and local offers by two service providers 
9. the phone gives 50 gb google drive space for 2 years 
10 the phone is usb otis compatible you can connect a 32 gb pendrive if extra space is needed(although i dont need it I already spent 50k on my laptop and 5k on an external drive for storage. 13 gig that is available is decent for me ) 
I think in India we are getting charger and headphones i hope so 
 
what I didn't get 
1.expandable memory (boy that really feels but grrr why didnt they just add an expandable slot -_- 
2.A 5.5 inch screen ....well, I am buying a phone not a tab 
rest everything is there as far as my requirements are concernedExceptional Phone! Well said!.The reaction when u look at moto g is just WOW!!!! 
Complete beast in this price! 
Something i get noticed with moto g is close resemblance with moto x. 
 
Pros: Class leading design 
   Great looks 
   Stiffly built perfect design 
   Good signal strength and call quality 
   Efficient processor 
   Great graphics 
   Non laggy interface 
   Superb display with crisp details 
   Good sound quality its loud 
   Usable camera with gud details 
   Front camera is really gud for d price 
   Kit Kat upgradeable 
   Dual sim 
   Water resistant for small extent though 
   
Cons: Sound from speakers get muffled in high volumes 
   Limited storage 
   Little bit heavier but good handling design 
   Good not d best camera 
 
Overall the phone is great for d price and well said by motorola and well priced by flipkart with amazing launch day offers and delivery. 
 
Exceptional phone! 
Exceptional price! 
Exceptional service!An exceptional phone , an exceptional price and also a wonderfull service byflipkart..First i would clear the common doubt or every customer out there, 
Q.does this phone from flipkart have earphones and charger cable despite told that it only has a usb cable in its package. 
A. yes ! it do have a charger and earphones with manuals in it.in the unboxing videos it doesnt show the charger or EP because its from the US. but this indian box comes along with the these both so no need to worry. butthe headphones are'nyt good but shudnt expect more as the other configs are exceptional. 
coming to the phone : 
 
Looks: I would say looks are Way brilliant than any other phone in this segment. its hd display with 329ppi makes it an excellentfinish. You NEVER a feel this phas a cheap one rather it outbeats every other samsung products in display and alsoperormance.trust me the looks are AWESOME.Youlll defntly feel proud holding it. 
 
performance: i got this with an updated to kitat version. thanks to flipkart and google. performance wise its got 100/100 performance. 
 
camera: not thatgood but ok in 5 megapixel clarity. (some lawshud be there with an exceptional phone like this which outbeats every otherphone in other aspects.) 
 
games:can play high end games. i played asphault8 which has a memory of 1.48gb and it plays smooth. 
 
updated: very fas updates from google you no need to check it it automaticaally updeataes the very next second whenever an updateis available. 
 
google now: works very good and almost does all the job . 
 
cons : 
1.camera (not bad but not great) 
 
note: please dnt buy 6gb version it wont be sufficient for this beast to perormae all the apps so fairly go to the 16 gb version and yopu ll no tregretlater becauseit doesnt have external memory slot. 
final verdict: with this price range and aphone which almost matches perormances with s4,nexyus and htc one. youshud never think of leaving this if uplan to buy a mobile under 15k. i did a lot of research and trust this phone is a beast. 
A happy customer and hope this service would continue from both flipkart and motorollo when there are any issues later. thanks flipkart.High end experience for the ultimate price!!!!!!.let me get this straight to you people.....this phone is BLAZING fast!!!!now dont go comparing it with a nexus 5 or an iphone 5s or so....but as far as those 25-30 k phones go its can hold its own against them and sometimes outpeforms them by a large margin. 
 
I've done side by side speed comparisions of this phone using a SGS4 and a nexus 4 and boy....its WAS JUST JAW DROPPING!!!!! 
 
it was able to render webpages and also open up apps,etc faster than what the SGS4 an nexus 4. 
it also was smoother and a pleasure to use compared to the sgs4.... 
 
the nexus 4 again is also smooth so both are pretty much in the same feild here.... 
 
Most important of all.....it got the kitkat update way before most other brands( SAMSUNG ,HTC ,SONY.... i,m talking to you....YES YOU!!!!!! ) even got their flagships updated..... 
This only goes on to show that motorola really cares abt their customer 
 
So yeah my final conclusion.....just go for it without givig it a second thought 
and oh boy i swear u will not be dissapointed..... 
 
P.S. :- I pity those other users stuck with laggy pieces of shit for which they might have shelled out big bucks....:P:P......It's a Google Baby.I'm using Moto G from almost 1 month. 
 
It's power packed by Snapdragon 400 Quad Core processor 
And having 1GB RAM 
 
The screen is IPS capacitive touch screen having corning gorrila glass 3. 
It's having 720p HD display 
U can't see the pixels on the screen they r very minute 
 
The battery is of 2070 MAH which is non removable but the back cover is changeable with different colours. 
The battery lasts for almost 17 to 18hrs with average usage which includes: surfing(2G), downloading (on 2G), watching videos, etc. 
 
Mine was a16GB model, it give usable memory of 12.91GB 
 
Camera: 
Primary is of 5 mega pixel with LED flash 
Gives great picture quality in well lighted areas and satisfactory in low lighted areas 
Features: HDR, slow motion recording, panorama, geo tagging, etc. 
 
Secondary is of 1.3 mega pixel giving satisfactory quality but I've not used it in video calling. 
 
Extra feature: This device also has a secondary mic for active noise cancellation. 
 
My device came with Android 4.4.2 KitKat in box. It is stock Android with no customization except some Motorola Apps. 
I haven't faced any problems yet with it. 
 
This device runs like butter. There is no lag in opening anything. 
 
Connectivity: 
Bluetooth 4.0 
WiFi 
Micro USB with USB Host and OTG support 
GPS 
 
I've been using this device only on 2G so I don't know how it works on 3G. 
 
There r no capacitive buttons like Samsung Galaxy 
 
It comes with a charger but it don't have detachable usb cable. 
The handsfree are not good but the output of the device is pretty nice. 
 
Moto G is not a delicate piece, it's rock solid with great built quality. 
 
It comes preloaded with Google Apps. 
It has light sensor/proximity sensor. 
 
I've not faced any Cons yet.It's the phone for first time smartphone buyers!!.I was looking for the smartphone for my wife. This was going to be her first smartphone. She has never used either Android or Apple phone. 
 
I work in Information Technology field since 14 years. My wife is completely opposite to me when it comes to tech. I did significant good research on the usage of first time smartphone users and their experiences. I was looking for a phone which is quality product (Minimum 1 GB RAM, Qualcomm snapdragon processor, Good GPU for playing games, gives optimized android experience), reliable, build quality and gets updated(of course android phone and Google OS updates). After reading this, the first thing comes to mind is &quot;Google Nexus&quot; phone. I did not want to spend 30k as this was her first smartphone and wanted a good budget android phone. 
 
All Indian manufacturers makes only android phone and that's it without going into detail too much its not worth taking risk. I looked at Motorola Moto G specs and it impressed me. I went ahead and immediately made 16 GB model purchase. 
 
Flipkart delivered it within 2 days at my home. The packing was very protective and nicely packed. I asked my wife to open the package and when she saw the product, she said &quot;Wow!!&quot; Half job done!! Turned on the phone and very creative Motorola start up animation saw. I did rest of the setup. 
 
Pros: 
- Design 
- Solid Build Quality 
- Google Android Experience 
- Light weight 
- Perfect phone size (Easy to hold, carry and one hand operation) 
- Fast and fluid 
- Latest and greatest operating system (Android 4.4.2 - yes, KitKat!!!) 
- Dual SIM 
- Motorola Built-in Apps (Backup and Assist) 
- Screen resolution (~326 ppi density) 
- Very nice viewing angles 
- Good Battery life 
- Bluetooth 4.0 
- Great Performance 
 
Cons: 
- Camera quality is just ok 
 
I was not looking for expandable storage (as 16 GB was more than enough for me) you may need more storage space. Moto G does not offer expandable storage. 
 
Overall it is very good experience and value for money. I would strongly recommend this phone who are looking under 15k.In love with My Moto G.Fantastic phone, fantastic price! 
 
Reporting on Day 6 of operation: 
 
Pros- 
 
1) Fantastic Screen, just love it. Awesomely crisp and colorful. 
 
2) Blazing fast performance. Absolutely Zero Lag. I have so far tried Heavy Games, Custom Home Screen Launchers and other background service alongwith other standard stuff like emails, facebook, skype etc. 
 
3) The battery lasts a day, having said that, ever since the phone arrived, I have been using it almost all day long :P. I play games in night for 2-3 hours, or watch a movie. In the evening, I am streaming music on 3G date for another 2 hours while I work out, the day passes with me check mails, fb, whatsapp and calls at routine intervals. 
Had I been more conservative, I am sure I would be able to pull it off for another day. :) 
 
4) I love the shells 
 
Cons : 
 
1) The camera, it takes great pictures when the environment is well lit. But otherwise, in low light, it struggles really hard.. Also, I think I need to get more accustomed to it. I guess I can pull of better Images when that happens. 
 
(Use Snapseed for Picture Editing! It compensates for atleast 30% of Image Quality after the edit is done for low light image ;)) 
 
I am so in love with my phone! 
 
Important : I bought both the back shell and flip shell thinking that I will be able to mix and match both covers of different colors for a multicolored phone. How stupid of me -_-. 
 
The Flip shell is complete in itself. It comes with both front and back. Watch out. :)The perfect 'mobile' phone. so far. (16 GB version).Moto G for me is the mobile I have been waiting for since the smartphone era begun. 
First of all, the size of this smartphone is just as much as required, neither too big nor too small. It fits perfectly in your one hand, and doesn't look ridiculously big on your ears while talking. 
 
It comes with the perfect power, perfect screen size/resolution, dual sim, at a perfect price. I believe a mobile phone shan't cost you more than what Moto G costs, ever. Only iPhones are cool at a price that it sells since it's more like an accessory for girls. For absolutely normal guys like me, this is what you'd need in your phone from a trustworthy maker name, Motorola. 
 
Front camera is good for video calls, only rear camera is lacking with 5MP shooter, but I was always ready to adjust on that front if got everything else at such a price. 
 
One more thing, I bought this phone for my brother and myself at the same time, so you know I was really waiting for this phone. 
 
Some remarks after using Moto G for a while now: 
 
1. Camera error: Camera shows an error and doesn't work sometimes. Motorola guys are already working on it. To counter this for now, close all the open apps that might be using camera app, this works for me. 
 
2. Sometimes the loudspeaker gets on automatically without even showing it on the screen, then you've to turn the speaker on and off to get it back to normal. So beware, it might get embarrassing for a few who talk private stuff in public. Hope they know about it and working on a fix. 
 
*Like this review so that others can read it too.Got Moto G(God of smartphone) b4 it goes out of stock.The chipset is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 with quad cores running at 1.2GHz. It uses the older Cortex-A7 architecture and so can't keep up with the flagship Snapdragon 800 but it still keep everything running along smoothly. Android 4.3 felt slick, with no hesitations when switching apps. 
 
Using the Chrome browser it scored 1,410ms in the SunSpider 1.0.2 JavaScript benchmark, it's not a great score, and those who are always browsing the web should look elsewhere. Still, it renders most of the BBC news homepage in a flash, and only take a couple of seconds to get the whole thing displayed. A Geekbench 2 score of 1,303 smashes other budget handsets, though is still a few hundred points short of 
 
Again the Adreno 305 chipset isn't the fastest on offer, but once again it's a great choice for a handset at this price. The 3DMark Ice Storm test ran at fairly smooth 23.8fps for a score of 5,412, it also coped with all the games we threw at it, such as Minion Rush and Real Racing 3. It struggled with Ice Storm Extreme with just 9.6fps, but then it's only &pound;135 and it plays current games, so there's nothing to complain about. It outclasses every handset we've seen at this price, and even surpasses phones at twice the price we've seen over the last year.Exceptional Phone at this price.The phone is powered by a 1.2 GHz Quad Core Snapdragon processor. You will notice the difference when there are many tasks running simultaneously on the phone. Though the processor is not the fastest on the market. 
 
The display is ultra crisp, at 336 ppi, and 1280x720 resolution. 
 
The speaker is loud enough, better than the ones on the Google Nexus 5. 
 
You can upgrade this to KitKat. The user experience is better on KitKat than on the previous version. 
 
There is just 1 GB of RAM, which is on the lower side. But as KitKat is supposed to work well on low memory devices, it seems quite adequate. Also, there are some improvements on KitKat, so your device does not go slow after sometime, which was an issue with older Android versions. 
 
It gives you the stock Android experience. Not that I am a big fan of the stock experience, but then it is well integrated. When vendors add their own experience on top of the stock one, due to the pathetic quality of their implementations, there are bound to be issues. 
 
Storage is fixed, and cannot be expanded. You are better off buying a 16 GB version, as that would give you around 13 GB of usable memory. For some users, 16 GB may also be less. 
 
The battery is fixed one, and with normal usage, it lasts for a couple of days, but the battery drains quite quickly if you are going to watch movies. If you are one of the heavy users, then you could use the portable power banks available quite cheaply nowadays. 
 
Well, the package does not even have a USB cable, so you would have to purchase one if this is your first smartphone. Strange, because nowadays, companies have started giving Cable + portable chargers, where the same wire is used for charging with the plug. Here, its a pure charger, the wire is not detachable. Strange choice by Motorola. 
 
The build quality is exceptional, especially for this price. It does not feel cheap. 
 
The back panel is interchangeable, which allows you to have different colors based on your whims, though the original covers are quite expensive. 
 
This is the Dual SIM version. Most flagship smartphones, do not have Dual SIM options. Google Nexus 5, iPhone etc. Some Samsung mobiles have started offering Dual SIM options. 
 
Overall an exceptional phone, available at this price. Far better than those crappy smartphones, doled out by Samsung. 
 
Pros : 
720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 inches (336 ppi display) 
Quad Core 1.2 GHz processor 
KitKat 
 
Cons : 
Memory is fixed 
RAM is only 1 GB 
Battery is non-removableMasterpiece!!! by Motorola &amp; Google.. Worth it...I have ordered it on launch date and received it on 14th February 2014. 
 
Pros: 
+Great Processor - Great Performance 
+Latest Kitkat Android version 
+Good Battery Life 
+Great build quality 
+Gorilla Glass 
+Screen quality + Good touch screen response 
+OTG connectivity 
+Loud Speaker volume 
+wifi connectivity is great 
+ Good Dual Sim functionality 
 
Cons: 
-Camera: Daylight pics are good but moving object pics comes blurry + Low Light Pics are not upto the mark. I use my Sony HX9V camera for the same so it doesn't affect me much. 
 
I was using blackberry till date and was searching all flagship android single or dual sim cell phones. Dual sim was personal preference. I was keen on Note 2, Nexus 5 next lot with improvement in its speaker volume, S3 or Galaxy Grand as its dual sim etc.. 
 
Two days before launch day I show marketing and article of it in different sites. Show its various reviews on youtube and other websites. Finally once I show its with dual SIM i decided to buy it. 
 
Apps gets loaded very fast, net surfing, Youtube videos, games plays excellently well, touch screen response is great, call quality is decent, battery life is good. It has good support for email and office applications. More I use it more I become addicted to it. 
 
Its a smart choice for me I am getting 16GB MOTOG at just Rs. 14000/-. Worth it. 
 
Its one of few mobiles in market where company has engineered right features product at right value. All credit goes to Google. Go for it Value for money. Totally worth it. 
 
I gave it 5 star as till date no budget smart phone was as smartly engineered as this. MOTO G 16 GB will not have any issues in terms of internal memory storage as it has OTG connectivity. Only suggestion to Motorola google is to give the update to its camera application to shot moving objects without any issues. 5MP pics is good enough for FB, Instagram etc.. 
 
Tips: 
1) For Kitkat version OTG will work but you have to buy Rs. 212 app - Nexus Media Importer 
2) to get screenshot press low volume key along with power keyMoTo G                      ItzZzZzzz curved. ItZzz comfortable. ItZzZZzzz the perfect fit...!!!!!.ItzZzZzzz curved. ItZzz comfortable. ItZzZZzzz the perfect fit...!!!!! 
     16 gb 
      4.5-inch display (1280&times;720 pixels, 329 ppi) | 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor | 1GB RAM | 8GB/16GB storage + no microSD slot | 5MP rear camera, 1.3MP front camera, 720p HD video | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 | GPS with A-GPS | 2070mAh battery | Android 4.4 KitKat 
 Design: There is a sturdiness and simplicity to the Moto G that is lacking in most handsets: no logos on the front, rounded edges, a rubber-finish matte back that won&rsquo;t attract fingerprints, and a straight line in the middle for the camera, flash, logo and headphone port. The phone also has water-repellant coating, but don&rsquo;t read too much into that&mdash;the ports are open, so it&rsquo;s not like you can use it in the rain. Drops don&rsquo;t affect the phone either. For most people, it&rsquo;s comfortable to hold it in one hand and use. But what bothers me are the large bezels. It&rsquo;s got a smaller screen than most phones at this price, but Motorola still insists on using virtual touchscreen buttons taking up valuable screen space while having a 1.5cm bezel under it that&rsquo;s just wasted space.All U Need.......First flipkart amazing service delivered faster then expected &amp; keeping it up on every single order...... Kudos... 
 
Now abt the phone.... 
In my opinion this the phone that all u need... Coz seriously it has everything. Now i'm not gonna go on Specs coz i think u'll already know abt it. 
What u might not know is that how it really performs in real world so here it is.... 
 
Camera- 
Average- takes slightly above average pics works great in well lit conditions.... 
 
Display- 
HD &amp; sharp- Display is very good colors are deep &amp; vibrant..... 
 
Ram, Processor, Graphics,.... 
Good Enough- Lets face it people it a cell phone not a frekin PC i only use it for connecting to people &amp; only light gaming music etc. So the Hardware specs are good enough to play light games &amp; watching Full HD clips.... &amp; i think that's all u need &amp; use.... 
&amp; if u like playing graphic intensive games &amp; watching movies on your phone.. get a good FHD T.V. &amp; a console or perhaps a good computer RIG.... 
 
OS, KitKet- 
Not Impressed- Well i dont know abt the others but i think all the kitket hype is just a hype..... 
No real world changes are applied only some minor changes here &amp; there and we're done..... No major change in UI or in anything else... 
 
Battery- 
Very good- Good enough for a days hard use &amp; good enough for 2 days worth of light use..... 
 
Storage- 
That's a bummer- The only thing might keep u from this amazing device is it's storage... only approximate 13gb is user available without any expandable storage... 
 
Looks, Dimensions- 
Very good- As being the google device looks are plain but gorgeous... Looks very nice in hands..... Also the dimensions of the phone are perfect... It's a 4.5 inch device which is in my opinion is the perfect size for a smartphone anything bigger is like wrestling with your phone but this u can easily tackle this with one hand..... 
 
Other features- 
Good Enough- Like i said before it has everything u need..... 
 
Conclusion- Other then expendable storage which i think is fine with most of the people..... 
it's a phone u can go for eyes closed....Moto G Review - Purchased 27.2.14.First, thank you Flipkart for your amazing service. I ordered this in the evening of 27th February, and I received it at 10:40 AM on 28th. 
 
I've been using the phone since morning, and here are the salient features I've noticed. 
 
PROS: 
&gt; Great, crisp and clear screen. 
&gt; Update to Android Kitkat is available 
&gt; Smooth and fast performance so far. Have installed Facebook, Whatsapp, Skype and several messengers, and updated all the apps and no lag at all. Haven't tried any heavy games though, so I can't comment on that. 
&gt; Very smooth back, feels great in the hand during regular use. 
&gt; Easy to use with one hand, even with extended use. 
&gt; Integrated Google Now service. 
&gt; Amazing value for money 
&gt; Camera and Video quality seems to be quite good at first glance. I'm satisfied with the quality of images and videos. 
&gt; Great sound output 
 
Haven't tried out the dual SIM yet - cut my old Sim down to a Micro Sim and was able to insert it without much hassle. 
 
CONS: 
&gt; No USB cable shipped with device 
 
Since the USB cable thing is important to me, I rate this phone 9/10. It's an amazing product and its performance is absolutely unmatched in this price range. Awesome value for money.My Experience with Moto G.Since the first day itself, I felt like a Successful Investor. 
 
The Device has its own Pros and Cons as follows: 
Pros: 
1.Great Display 
2.Upper Middle class Processor 
3.Flash Friendly File System(see below for details) 
4.Sufficient RAM 
5.Speaker Position and clarity 
6.Corning Gorilla 3 Glass with nano coating(see below for details) 
7.High Battery Backup with 4 Hrs+ Onscreen Time. 3 Days Standby 
8.Dalvik optimizations 
9.Running Android 4.4.2(expected to be updated for Next version) 
10.Adreno 305 GPU 
Cons: 
1.Non expandable Storage(will be a issue when having more media data) 
2.Non removable battery(Not able to put in Spare batteries) 
3.A Little Slow charging( about 2 Hrs for full charge) 
4.Single color LED Notification Light(White Only) 
 
Flash Friendly File System-Improves Input Output operations efficiently 
Nano coating - Touch works when spilled with liquid, but not IP certified for full dips. 
 
There is no lags in normal operations and multitasking as well as in Games. Asphalt 8, FIFA 14 and other top notch games works without lag or struck. 
 
Build Quality is good except that the Back panel attracts Fingerprints. 
 
Motorola has its own gallery app and it comes preloaded with Moto Assist. 
 
Overall Experience is good.my gr8 buy in the recent times.The mobile is near 5-star for me. The rating is based on the usage during the last couple of days 
 
Usage background - 1) very few calls 2) more of browsing, mails, messaging 3) no games 4) battery on power-saver mode 5) phone is about a week old 6) wifi was on;bluetooth was on 
 
+ves 
Battery lasted for 1 day and 19 hours with 14% still remaining after a full recharge 
Dual-sim - somehow I missed this spec - so for me a big boon in disguise 
Just the right screen size for me after my earlier iphone 3gs crashed 
Voice recognition is great - comparing it with iphone 3gs 
Allows you to clear a single call entry (unlike iphone 3gs) 
Word next feature is good 
dot (period) gives options to place special chars 
First line of the keyboard gives options to enter numbers easily 
Exhaustive settings 
Speakers decent 
Picture clarity good 
Some useful widgets - to manage the battery intensive tasks like bluetooth, wifi etc. 
Motocare registration to record your IMEI/serial number in case of theft 
Best of all - you get additional 50gb google drive space free once you register 
Allows various types of security - from a simple unlock to pins/patterns 
Automatically upgrades to the next android version (4.4.2) 
 
-ves 
Phone dialling features is a lil clumsy 
Editing entered text is clumsy 
Selecting text is clumsy 
Doesn't indicate where your finger is placing the cursor at using a callout/magnifier 
Calculator is clumsy 
micro-SIM - -ve since its not freely available across all providers 
 
Rating it 4-star since it doesn't allow decimalsSIMPLY MAJESTIC. A COMMON MAN'S NEXUS..First and foremost i congratulate motorola for producing such a majestic product MOTO G. 
I would like to advice u all one thing.the main REASON for which u all read my review. 
THE answer: Just go for it blindly. i assure u will never regret this decision for your lifetime. 
 
Saying few things about this phone and believe me and this review for i bought this phone on 10th of march and having checked every feature many a times, i produce my valuable review after more than a month. 
 
DISPLAY: The first delight when i received my phone was the screen. its exceptionally great for all ur needs be it be watching movies,playing games its brilliant. its hd display is such crispier that u will unlock it for the sake of just seeing its display. 
 
PROCESSOR: Its future ready with quad core processor. even after playing heavy graphic games like asphalt 8, dead trigger 2 it to the used just 2 cores. so u get guaranteed no time slag. 
 
LOOK: The front side look will hook you up with a fully polished mirror like appearance, with corning gorilla glass and a water repellent coating. however they are more prone to get fingerprints so i prefer u to buy a dark screen scratch guard for enhanced touch experience.the back side is a bit curved for easy holding. 
 
CAMERA : Stop worrying about the fact that it has only 5mp. u get excellently textured high quality pics with it. a tip is to turn on the hdr mode for great pictures to come out. 
but its a bit grainy at night times which makes it impossible to get a quality pic even with a brilliant flash 
 
BATTERY: This is the only part that i worry. with gaming movies and music it just lasts a day. could have been better.Also its non user-removable. 
still it comes a full day. 
 
KITKAT: Stop bothering about the various bugs related to kitkat update. now its coming with kitkat from open on.so no probs faced. 
and its experience is awesome. u touch any app and the split second u are into it. 
 
OTHER: The other features too are exceedingly well. its touch is so feathery. its Bluetooth speed WiFi speed are all exceedingly well. 
 
that all i could say. just stop reading further reviews and go for it. 
 
and a word on flipkart. it was my first purchase in flipkart and i already feel privileged to be the part of the family. sure i will buy many more products in the future. 
i ordered on 9th and received it on 11th of march (10th was Sunday) with a bubble wrap to protect it . 
And last but not the least a complete value for your money. 
Hats off flipkart and motorola.One Word - Awesome.Received the phone just about a few hours ago. And OMG what an experience! Blazing fast, no lag, superior built quality and just the perfect value for money. At this price, you cant go wrong with this phone. Period. 
 
Two things I wasn't sure about before experiencing the phone.. Camera performance and only 1GB RAM. But I have been pleasantly surprised to see that the camera just does the job with some great quality pics (obviously cant compare them with DSLRs) and 1GB RAM doesn't run out of steam. The phone runs smooth, even better than my 2 GB RAM - Note 2 which I am going to sell off and get another Moto G for myself. 
 
In terms of overall experience, I cant praise enough to say all the hype and expectations which this phone has managed to create are true! You gotta experience this masterpiece to believe this. Motorola/Google has nailed it and I am sure the plasticy Samsungs and LGs have a lot to worry about and cover a lot of ground to offer something like this in this price range. 
 
Last but not the least, Flipkart as usual has been brilliant. Be it communication, packaging, logistics or delivery, Flipkart offers unmatched service level. Well Done..Exceptional Price/Performance Ratio!.This review is only my Initial Impression of the phone. I have only used the device for about 1 day. 
 
To give a perspective about my benchmark expectations, I would state that I have previously owned multiple flagship android devices over the last years which include S3, S2, Nexus 4, LG g2, HTC Dezire Z etc. This is probably the cheapest smartphone I have ever bought. 
 
PROS: 
1) Exceptional CPU, RAM, Graphics performance. There is NO lag. NONE whatsoever. I have had crazy amount of apps open simultaneously. Apps updating in background etc etc. Never once I felt the phone to be slowing down 
2) Sharp bright screen 
3) Near Stock ROM. No bloatware 
4) Good build quality for price. Gorilla glass and water repellent coating. 
 
CONS: 
1) Voice quality is 7/10. Possibly because of lack of noise cancellation ( my guess) 
2) Handsfree Speaker is not loud. Not loud enough for music 
3) My perception is the 3G on this phone is not not as fast as on some other phones. Could be a temporary signal problem. Or it could be the fact that rendering is slow of the downloaded content.Can't afford a Google Nexus? Go for this one!.The phone is sleek and just the perfect dimension you would want it to be. Android interface is amazing. If you are a selfie-addict, then probably this phone may not be your choice. It just is a sized-down version of google nexus. Only issue for Bangaloreans - Remember, there is not even a single service center for Motorola! Unless, you are interested in a fun-filled summer trip to Hassan or Mysore, you would not find service for the phone anywhere nearby Bangalore. 
 
Photo and video clarities are very good. And so too the touch sensitivity. Problems are for those who are trying to sync contacts from a Windows phone to an Android phone as I am facing now. Keypads are close enough at the same time not so congested. Music quality is good. Its default internet apps would keep you busy through the day. So unless you are looking for an awesome camera, but a phone which can support fair amount of applications without hanging and an awesome android interface, its the right phone for you to buy. 
 
P.S. I ordered the phone on a Saturday early morning and this little beast was in my hand on Monday morning by 11.00 am. What else could I ask for! :-)My Youth Phone from Motorola - Value for money.The handy phone is excellent and value buy . This is the second purchase meant for my daughter ( replacing Samsung S 2 after it has gone not chargeable after 3 years usage ) and after the first purchase for my son replacing his defunct HTC DESIRE in just 15 months . The current youth are far more empowered and demand what they want in gaming and HD video quality . He went for it with great craze and enjoying after buy. Other than high end smartphones , he is even suggesting to go Moto G for his friends . He even suggested me to go MOTO X replacing my frequent hanging phone of Samsung Grand Duos. 
The first impression was awesome functioning better than its peers. Cute and handy . 
Gaming and videos are superb and enjoyable. Long lasting battery compared to Chinese models going phut!! 
Now the phone life of many brands including icons are lasting one /two years with a few exceptions . Hence we went for budget phones with value for money . In that way this phone is awesome and guaranteed for value 
 
Many of us always look in a phones : screen, processor, build quality, good battery life and gaming and HD quality videos and Motorola has delivered it superbly .A top class and blind purchase for fence sitters. 
 
FlipKart Service: Is really awesome .They delivered my Moto G in 24 hrs and second phone what I ordered yesterday night, is already shipped and hopeful of receiving today.The vendor also from Bangalore , and makes the job that much easier. Excellent network and service. Kudos to Flipkart for exclusive delivery of Moto G ProductsWorth for money &amp; Excellent Flipkart service.@13999 what you will get = Android 4.4 Kitkat + Gorilla Glass 3 + Quad core 1.2GHz Snapdragon processor + 1 GB RAM + 4.5-inch 1280 x 720p Ips Display + Dual Micro Sim Slots + 5MP camera and 1.3MP webcam + 16GB onboard memory + 2070mAh battery + 325DPi resolution.. 
I think its enough to not think about CONS of a branded phone at this range.. Cheers.. 
 
Some pupls telling &quot;Actually on the specifications front, the Motorola Moto G is not exactly game changing&quot; 
What game do you want the phone to change? Seriously? Cut the crap. I'm fed up with this so-called critics around the globe who claim Samsung S5 and iPhone 5S are the only smartest phones in the world. 
 
Moto G does a lot better than that at 14k and is one of the best buy. Stop looking down upon the specs as if it's so inferior. If it can do every day tasks, chatting, e-mail, music and some games good, then it's the best phone hands down. Combine with best build quality, Moto G hardly has any competition in the Indian market for awhile. It's the best buy phone for months to come! 
 
And thnx FK for launching this at the time, when it was needed most. 
 
Edit: Excellent support from Flipkart in terms of replacement for Problems on my old Moto G within 30-Days replacement limit.Good Budget Phone.Two of my colleagues happen to have a Moto G. One is from the US and the other ordered from Flipkart. This review is from the perspective of using and not owning the device. 
 
So after all the hype, Motorola finally introduced the G here. I guess they lived up to the hype by getting the price spot on considering you get a bit more in our retail packaging than in the US. Granted, you might save a few hundred rupees if shipped from there, but there are some differences that I noticed. Hope it helps you make a decision. 
 
The Indian version has a very nice soft rubber back, similar to the Moto X. Not of the same grade/quality of course, but it's better than the shiny and slightly cheap feeling US spec model. This helps it differentiate from the sea of other phones at this price. The dimple feels more pronounced and overall it just feels a lot more premium. Also, they bundle a wired headset here, so the package is not as bare bones as the one in US, where you only get a USB cable. Lastly, we get the option of using dual sim cards, which will come in handy if you use different ones for voice, internet or messages or whatever your preferences. Overall, a big shout out to Motorola for getting the price bang on at the time of launch. It's a given that the price will come down in a month or two, but the initial impression has been pretty good. A definite buy over other lesser known brands unless you need a different screen size or doubt Moto's support right now. Here's hoping they get the Moto X soon!Best in class!.Most of the people have already reviewed the phone here. I'll try to highlight some less touched points. 
1. The Moto G comes with a headset and the charger as opposed to many foreign reviews. 
2. The charger cannot double up as a USB cable. Hence you have to purchase a new one or use another phone's USB cable. 
3. The charger supplies only 500 mA current and hence it takes a lot of time to charge. However, if you have 1A or 1.5A chargers for other phones, they can very well be used officially according to the Motorola official site and I use a 5V 1A charger. Just make sure that the voltage specifications are 5V (For information, voltage specifications are more important than ampere specifications). 
4. Sensors present: Acclerometer, Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Sound sensor, Magnetic field sensor. 
5. Sensors absent: Gyroscope, Atmospheric pressure, NFC 
6. The phone is Miracast capable but the feature is disabled by default. For using it, you'd have to root your phone. 
7. Mixed battery life of 24 hours means that you cannot use your phone continuously, else the battery runs out quickly. 
However, at this price, you have all the features that you'll need most frequently. You won't regret buying this phone.Best Phone at this price(Be 100% sure).Before purchasing this phone I compared it with a lot of other phones such as Xperia c, Xperia L and even Xperia SP and Samsung S4 mini, This one is a blast if you consider my experience. I am writing this review after a month's experience with the phone. 
 
pros:- 
1. built in quality is excellent 
2. best battery life ever 
3. Adreno 305 is just awsome and can play games like dead trigger 2, Asphalt 8, etc without any lag. 
4. Display is awsome(IPS + HD Screen + 4.5'' screen) 
5. Protection using Gorrilla Glass 3 is just more than enough. 
6. Sound is very loud and clear. 
7. The otg support allows you to attach not only pen-drives but also allows you to add usb hub and connect mouse and keyboard all at once. 
8. Latest Android Kitkat(Google phone, hence will get latest update earlier than in any phone), pure android experience 
9. Water-Repellent Coating(protects from accidental spoilage) 
 
Cons:- 
1. No extended memory support(16 gb is enough for me + otg support) 
2. poor flash(but brilliant photos during daytime even in low light) 
3. battery embedded(I dont think this could be a major issue)One Two Three Four Five.* * * * * = 5 Star for Moto G 
Excellent Phone ... Superb Features ... 
 
Moto G is a very special phone of its kind by Motorola / Google, that it is one of a very small number of android devices running the latest version of Android, and one of the only ones priced this low for this feature rich phone with the launch day special offer with other benefits from flipkart. 
 
* * * = 3 Star for Flipkart 
Great Delivery ... Poor Combo Offers on Launch Day ... 
 
I have ordered the 16GB model on launch day 06-Feb at 12:26PM, received the phone on 08-Feb at 12:15PM; Superb Delivery by Flipkart ... 
 
At the time of placing the order, 16GB Model was available only with Moto G Vivid Red Back Cover, but with no Flip Cover option. The next day after placing my order, I have requested flipkart customer care to exchange my ordered Back Cover (Red) with then available Flip Cover (White) as the Flip Cover option was not available at the time of placing the order, but they clearly refused to do that. 
 
Finally for Moto G :) &amp; Flipkart :) N :(Moto G Best buy at this price tag. No alternatives..Again flipkart rocked on its awesome delivery. am using this phone for past 4 days. 
so here is my review: 
Advantages: 
1. The design of the mobile is perfect. correct size, perfect to hold, design looks rock solid and gives an impression and confidence to handle it rough. 
2. Display is awesome. it reproduces exact and vibrant colours. 326 Dpi super. 
3. sound quality on loud speaker and ear piece is excellent. (not the box ear piece.) 
4. battery is verry good. its long lasting like anything. 
5. kitkat man its really really cool. definitely everyone will like it. 
 
Dis adv: 
1. of course camera. 
2.non expandable memory. 
3. atleast for me the touch screen is little not upto the mark.. keyboard typo mistakes are coming frequently. but i think its manageable. 
4. poor headset in the box. 
 
But for this price you cant get a better phone than this i assure you. blindly go for it. 
i used it like 20 apps at a time it never hangs or strucks... graphis on games are good. 4.4.2 os only on selected device as of now.. and it has it. 
 
one word on this phone: pls buy it.Just Awesome !! And Still The Best in This Price Range..!! (All You Need To Know ).The Motorola Moto G is a revolutionary phone. It isn&rsquo;t because of the features it has to offer, it&rsquo;s because of the price it offers these features at. There&rsquo;s barely any cons you can find in this phone, especially considering the price of the phone. Here are 5 Pros and Cons of the Motorola Moto G. 
CONS 
 
Lack of MicroSD Card slot and limited storage options 
 
The Moto G is available in 8GB and 16GB. There&rsquo;s only a difference of 20$ between the 8GB and 16GB so the obvious choice here should be the 16GB. But actually you&rsquo;ll only have approximately 12.94GB available since the Android OS requires around 3GB. So if you like to store all your music, videos and large games on your phone this could create a problem since there isn&rsquo;t a micro sd card slot available. 
 
Lack of 4G 
 
It&rsquo;s obvious that Motorola chose to exclude 4G functionality as one of the cutbacks to keep the price low. Because the Moto G is aimed for those who have a low-budget, so it&rsquo;s safe to assume that they won&rsquo;t be using 4G as the rates are too expensive. In fact the Moto G was aimed at developing countries where 4G is pretty much non-existent. But for those who are planning to hold onto this phone for 2-3 years should keep this in mind. 
 
Heavy and thick. 
 
Though the Moto G is a 4.5 inch phone it&rsquo;s still 10% heavier than the Moto X (4.7 inch) and the Nexus 5 (4.95 inch). It&rsquo;s thicker too, almost 35% more than the Nexus 4. But The Moto G is still a compact phone which Motorola has designed to fit comfortably in your hand. 
 
Camera 
 
Moto G sports a 5MP rear and a 1.3MP front facing camera. The front facing camera is great! But these days a 5MP rear camera isn&rsquo;t sufficient especially because just like the Nexus line up, Motorola isn&rsquo;t that good either when it comes to the camera. But at the end of the day it does the job and that&rsquo;s all that matters. 
 
Call quality 
 
The call quality on the Moto G isn&rsquo;t all that great compared to the other phones. Though you shouldn&rsquo;t dwell on as it isn&rsquo;t such a big problem. Bottom line is that the call quality is decent at the best. 
 
PROS 
 
Perfect screen size with HD resolution.It has a 4.5 inch screen with 720p resolution and it even has Corning Gorilla Glass 3! Which gives it a ppi of 326 and makes it resistant against scratches. It&rsquo;s the perfect screen size because 4.5&Prime; fits right in the middle, as many find a 5 inch phone too big and a 4 inch phone too small. Even though it has 4.5 inch screen it is almost exactly as tall as the iphone 5s, so the phone is perfect for one hand usage. 
 
Fast processor and plenty of RAM. 
 
The Moto G has a Snapdragon 400 Quad-core clocked at 1.2 GHz, Adreno 305 (GPU) along with 1GB of RAM which means you&rsquo;ll easily be able to high-end play games such as Dead Trigger, Shadowgun and Riptide GP2. This means you have a future proof device which will let you play most of the games for years to come and it won&rsquo;t lag like the other budget phone in it&rsquo;s price range. 
 
Android 4.3 (Upgradable to 4.4.2) 
 
Since Motorola was owned by Google, it is obvious that the Motorola line up will get timely updates. In fact the Moto X got the Android 4.4 Kitkat update before the Nexus 4! The Moto G comes with android 4.3 and in January when it launches in India it will come with Android 4.4 Kitkat. It will get updates as fast as other high-end devices like Galaxy S4, HTC One and etc. 
 
For the colorful 
The Moto G is Google&rsquo;s answer to the iphone 5c. The iphone 5c comes in 5 different colors where as the Moto G comes in 19 different colors! The best part is the shells are changeable to if you get bored with the color that you have, then just buy a new shell and you&rsquo;ll have a completely different colored phone. So not only is it colorful but there&rsquo;s a lot more variety of colors and a lot more freedom to change the color whenever you want. 
 
Price 
 
The last but certainly not the least the Moto G is available in 8GB and 16GB for Rs12500 and Rs 14000 respectively( Dual Sim :) ). That&rsquo;s cheaper than the on contract price of the Iphone 5s! The phone is ridiculously cheap considering the specifications of the phone. The price here is the deal breaker.after 10days review of my MOTO G.I got my 16gb moto g 10days before.... 
pros: 
1. 326 PPI display really awesome.... gives premier look. 
2.1.2ghz snapdragon 400 gives lag free work... I didn't get any lag even use 4 app at a time... 
3.sound s pretty good.... 
4.In that 16 GB we can use 12.95 available for other usage if u r not a big gamer then its more then enough.... 
5.battery takes 3hrs to charge and 8hrs to work continuously.... if use normally then that's enough for 1day..... so not bad.... also not too good... 
6.gorilla glass 3 works superbly I didn't stick any scratch guards... 
7.camara with flash gives good photos... in low light without flash show noise.... 
 
con's: 
1.the box headset totally waste just throw it.... must buy new 1... charger is OK only.... data cable I use my old one so no pblm.... if u don't have just by that also... 
2.I played subway surface continuously more then half an hour to get high score at that my mob touch did not works properly and after come to home page its show some black screens for some more min..... I was shocked... after that I didn't play much time in that and also didn't get problem like that again.... 
3.design wise why they waste bit of space below the home button that is no use of it.... if they utilize that to mean its marvless one pretty disappointment ....awesome!.The 4.5 inch edge-to-edge display comes with 720p HD resolution and 329 ppi - every pixel is sharp, vivid and crystal clear.Available with Jelly bean 4.3 os with upgradable option to kitkat 
Design 
The phone built looks classy and weighs 143gms(as noted on company website). The front panel features a black strip of glass around the screen that visually differentiates the plastic front and rear panels. 
Motorola has also used Corning Gorilla Glass 3 on the Moto G to protect it from scratches.The handset is comfortable to hold.On the whole design is amazingly crafty.Motorola also has accesories for rear shells in different colors. 
Rating- 8/10 
Performance 
With the given specifications the moto g is heavywieght machine.I tried giving a shot at asphalt 8 which is highend graphics game in andorid store.After initial hiccups the game started working normally(the game runs smoothly in 2gb ram versions).Given the 1 gb ram this shows the power. 
Multitasking is also easily done without any hitches.On technical front, the camera on the phone is not the best around.With the same range pricing Micromax knight gives 13 mp front and 5 mp back cam.Unless you are camera freak,one can't aomplain about camera. 
The sound quality is also good though its not loud. 
The really amazing aspect about the phone is battery life.With 2070 mAh battery, the phone lasted for 36 hours with continous data,calls and messaging,though its initial days of usage i can guarantee with proper charging,motog will last long. 
Rating- 8.5/10 
Final Call 
 
The Moto G scores heavily in terms of style and substance, and our only major quibbles are the non-expandable storage and below-par camera performance. The 4.5-inch HD screen is wide, and yet the phone is small enough to hold in one hand and type easily with a thumb. Most of all, praise be, the Moto G is also extremely affordable. 
The downside is the cheap in box accessories with phone.The headset given is a crap and beleive it their is no data cable.But we Indians can be happy with it taking Americans where only Data cable was provided with the phone. 
If you are hardcore gamer or camera freak,Moto g is not your choice. 
With the price of 12,499rs for 8gb and 13,999rs for 16gb,Moto g exclisevly sold in India on Flipkart is high value for your money. 
Rating-9/10 DOUBLE THUMPS UP :-)Absolutely perfect MOTO G.Though I have received my Moto G just 2 days back and within 2 days of usage one should not rate or comment on a product, but still I am overwhelmed. 
This piece from Motorola, after a long 2 years gap, an absolute GEM. I am not going to any deep details, as so many people have already given detailed feedback - but : 
1. Absolutely no lag at all 
2. Superb display and significantly longer battery life as compared to other high end android device ( as I am simultaneously using Galaxy S4 and Xperia Z ) 
3. Very compact size, less heating even after longer use 
4. Camera not at all that much bad ( what you expect at 14000, a 20 mp cam ? ) 
 
Areas could have been better : 
1. Battery could have been replaceable 
2. One external memory slot could have added more butter 
 
But anyway, one should not expect more at this price; whatever we are getting its like paying for an American Diamond-but getting an original diamond- superb. 
 
For specially Flipkart delivery : When I booked it was showing delivery will be after 5-7 days after we again have the stock. I opt for a Cash on Delivery. Believe me guys, the device dispatched that day itself and I received within 48 hours of booking. Hats off Flipkart and obviously credit should go to WS retailer as well. Keep it up guys. 
ThanksA revolutionary design at Less price.Guys, Managed to grab a Moto G on 6th Feb itself. Got the delivery on 10th Feb. BANG !!!! 
 
With the Moto X, Motorola proved a phone can be more than the sum of its parts. The Moto G proves the opposite. On paper it&rsquo;s competitive with many 30k &amp; 40k devices, and performance is stunning &mdash; unheard of at this price range. 
 
1) Already got the Kitkat update on 15th Feb 2014 and the device looks superb. It has become more responsive and the UI became improved compared to Jelly bean. 
2) Performance at par with Nexus 5. I am sure that humans are not so sensitive to notice the difference as compared to a bench-marking software. 
3) Good battery life - in combination with its 4.5 inch screen, which is more than enough for daily use, the battery is lasting for 1.5 to 2 days. 
4) Great display - With 326 ppi its outstanding 
5) Loud enough speakers. 
6) Not up to the mark CAM - only negative for as far as I am concerned. 
7) Dual SIM 
8) Stock Android - Pretty fast compared to a UI based one. One way to improve the performance of a phone to make it par with high end devices. 
 
Go for it ppl. It worth the money !!!.!! This is called real Beauty Moto G from Motorola and Superb show by Flipkart !!.Well...first let me start with the Flipkart service. When I booked this phone from fliplart on 12th Feb, it mentioned that the delivery may take 10 - 20 days. On 21 Feb, I received a message from flipkart mentioning my phone will be delivered by 24th Feb before 7:00 PM and the beauty is, I got my phone on 22nd Feb by 1:00 PM. Hats off to flipkart service. 
 
Coming onto the Moto G.. 
 
This is the real beauty I felt when I saw the phone first time. I had used couple of brand mobile before like Nokia, Samsung etc but this is far better than all with respect to the body design and the comfort level. 
 
It has all the features as mentioned in the specifications and its working like a charm. I have used it for 2 days and do not see any hitting or lagging/hung issue but still it is too early to comment on this. The battery is also good, in a fully charged battery, it runs for the day and half with the use of wifi connectivity and gaming. 
 
I would only say is, people who are looking for this kind of specification, go for it. Its value for money.Value for Money.First of all its an awesome product &amp; the delivery was lightning fast (In a day Guarantee) 
 
The best thing in this phone is the full HD display, the rich colours &amp; 329 PPI density is awesome. I cant stop watching videos on this phone. 
 
Everyone already reviewed the product so I am going to talk about things which are not properly reviewed. 
 
1 Headphones : The sound quality is good not best, but its equivalent to Nokia WH 205 headphones. bass &amp; treble are balanced the only thing you miss is this headphone is not in ear &amp; they are not providing any earbuds with the headphone. 
 
2. Charger : super slow, it takes 2-3 hours to fully charge your phone. (It could have been better) 
 
3 : No USB Data Cable : yes you wont get USB Data cable, but if in the past You have used any phone with the same data cable then u can use it with the phone (I Ve used Nokia C6 &amp; its USB cable is working perfectly with MOTO G) 
 
4 : No expandable storage : although 16 GB is fine for me. 
 
5 : Camera : 5 Megapixels is a decent camera &amp; under good light conditions it gives good images (Not too good &amp; also not too bad an average camera) 
 
U ll get a tiny box with big surprises inside it. 
 
Final Verdict : a super value for money device &amp; a must have.Beast. Absolute beast. A really beautiful beast..We all know what i am going to write, because there is absolutely nothing bad that can be written about this phone! 
 
Been using it for a month, and this is an absolute beast. Kills anything in its price range and then some. I researched a lot before buying it and till date there is nothing in the market that is better than this phone at this price. NOTHING. 
 
Apps load the moment you open them and multitasking is a breeze, no stutter or freezes. And I will always suggest to buy the 16GB version because the 5.5GB user memory you get on the 8GB version is too less. Also, talking about memory, the recent micromax phone have better specs than MOTO G is some areas, but most have only 1GB app memory, so you wont be able to install more than 1GB apps on those phone. Not a problem with MOTO G because it can utilize the entire user memory for installing apps, that means, theoritically, you can install 12GB+ apps on the 16GB version. 
 
The only iffs about this phone is the camera, could have been better, but still, it is good enough. Takes really decent pictures in close up, only fades somewhat is far away pics. The flash is good, too good actually, hurts the eyes if you are trying to take a selfie. 
 
Over all, this is magic. This is awesome. This is Moto G. This is the best phone within 10-22k in the market atm. Buy it.Thoroughly pleased..The phone is pretty good for what I was expecting. The touch-screen is responsive, the display is vibrant, the battery lasts well over 10 hours of good usage (3G data, location reporting background apps, et all.) Any game i threw at it ran perfectly well. (Real Racing 3, GT Racing 2, Badland). The KitKat update was out within a week of getting the phone. And one of the best perks is the 50 GB of cloud storage on Google Drive. Another little surprise was the Assist app from Motorola, which puts the phone on silent automatically when there is an appointment on my Google calender. 
 
There are only a few things I could complain of, typing is a bit difficult probably because the touch screen is sometimes not pin point accurate, but maybe i have this issue simply because I am coming from the physical keyboard Xperia Mini Pro. The lack of expandable storage is an obvious issue, but even though 16GB isn't ample, it is definitely sufficient. Another little thing that caught me by surprise was the notification LED which only comes in white and has no RGB options. My camera use is minimal and I have nothing to complain about it. 
 
Apart from getting updates from Motorola, the XDA community has embraced the phone quite well and has active development from all over the world.Marvelous Moto!.First of all, Kudos to Flipkart for a swift delivery. 
 
At first, I was skeptical of buying this phone. My last phone was a Lumia 800, probably the best flagship device in all aspects, when launched. Charging my phone in Amritsar Express wrecked my lumia. Thank you Indian Railways! The phone was just over a year old and i did not want to spend 30k on a phone. I needed a decent phone with decent specifications. I wasn't able to get it in Feb so decided to wait a little. Almost a month and it was still not available and i finally decided to get an Xperia L. On saturday when i came online to order, the Moto G was available and i wasted no time. 
 
Its not been long but my opinions until now, 
 
~Unbelievable value for price! 
~Comfortable grip and form factor 
~Easy access to every part of the screen without cramping or stressing your fingers. ~Beautiful 720p HD display that offers great colour, pixel density and decent outdoor visibility. 
~Sexy minimalist design with a quality feel and finish to it. 
 ~Amazingly durable with a solid build, Gorilla Glass 3 and water resistant interior nano-coating. 
~Google backed product so you can expect updates early and very far into the future with no bloatware. 
~Amazing battery life, full charge at 5 pm yesterday and its 9.30 pm today and yet there is 41% remaining. (No heavy gaming, played Subway surfers and Asphalt 8 for a couple of hours) 
 
Cons : 
 
~No NFC, thats it!! i cant think of anything else!! 
 
Basically, this incredible phone should not exist under the 15k price bracket, yet here it is!A phone worth its cost, hype and all of the expectations.First off all hats off to Flipkart who has delivered the phone within 12 hours of my order in Bangalore. I got this Moto G 16GB variant. 
Motorola has done a great job in building this phone with such precision and excellence. the build quality has something which is obviously attracted the attention of most of the people who viewed my phone. The best part i would like to describe it is with the display quality, 
I got android 4.4.2 by default and everything was so fantastic that it exaggerates the whole bit of it. 
i tried OTG which worked pretty fine with the phone, i was able to connect my flash drive very conveniently and was very responsive and worked without any lags when i played a HD video file from it. I also tried wireless mouse connection and it worked like wonder. i was able to get the mouse pointer and i can use it just as a replacement of my touch. 
 
Generic shortcomings which i think should not have been there are: 
1. The charger should be USB connectable instead of a fixed variant. 
2. Headphones which are provided are not impressive,.. 
3. The camera quality is just satisfactory and is nothing beyond the expectations. 
 
Overview: with the powerful processor and everything good enough to Buy, U cant just ignore everything. I considered to buy MOTO X the beast, but in this price, Moto g can be better than anything. GO FOR IT GUYSIts Super Awesome. it Killed my S4 in terms of Usage.Ditching my S4 soon for new Moto G..IF U WANT TO BUY A PHONE UNDER 15K WITH THE PERFORMANCE OF A NEXUS 4 AND LITTLE LESS THAN A NEXUS 5. MOTO G IS THE PERFECT CHOICE. 
 
i give it 5/5. 
 
Moto G is truely the iPhone of Android. Truely Optimized and truly User's friend. 
 
if u are in market for a good phone, dont go for those gimmicky makers like mmx,karbonn,etc watever their name is. 
----------My review is very lengthy if u got 5 min and u are thinking to buy a decent dual sim android phone worth every 1 RUPEE then read this review.--------------------------------- 
 
Ordered this phone as a gift for my Dad from my own money as it was a dual sim variant. 
the flipkart delivered it very quickly though it wasnt delivered within a day due delay in deliverying products. 
My dad had a very bad experience with android phones previously(Galaxy Note 2) and iphone(iphone 4. used it in 2010-2011). 
 
One of the main issue with previous phones was that,they werent dual sim. 
after receiving this phone and using for a week,my dad thoughts changed about the android phones( and iPhones too. he has used iphone 4 back in 2010) from negative to positive. 
this phone is decent according to him and 4 main reasons for him were: 
(1) It was Dual sim android phone. 
(2)the battery life he got was more than 1day(probably 1 1/2 day) . 
(3) the phone was fluid and was lag free( he was fed of lags from note 2). and wasnt a gimmick by just having a class appealing look(like his iphone). 
(4)the phone looked simple but was a powerhouse inside just what he wanted. 
-------------------------- 
 
apart from his side,even i tested the phone and i was impressed with its performance. 
after using a device such simple from the outside yet powerful from the inside.i was astonished that it performed even better than my GALAXY S4(gt i9500) [bought it from flipkart last year]. 
 
note : warning you if u think i am average user. i am pretty darn hardcore user and i constantly sync my phone,play 3d games(like MC4,Dead trigger,rr3 etc),use my phone to broadcast internet to other devices,hook it to my projector for presentation etc. 
using Galaxy S4 i used to get only 7 to 8 hours of mixed usage battery life out of it.10 hours if it was my lucky day. 
 
but using the same things on the Moto G. i got 14hours of mixed usage :D. 
it never got heated up nor lagged freezed or rebooted. 
 
even those games which i mentioned above were running fluently like if i was running on my S4. 
 
Camera is little bit shabby(5mp back camera) but it is perfect for casual users and selfies shot. but if u are a camera shutter Bug and want to buy something else in this price bracket... go buy those Chinese manufactured phones sold by mmx etc 
 
Overall this Phone is super awesome or else in my dad's word worth every Penny. 
 
Thanks to u Flipkart for having such a great launch.Great Phone.Things to love: 
 
1. The Screen is a pure delight to see and use, specially considering the price of the phone 
2. No Bloatware. Simple Pure Android, no lag noticeable in two days of use. 
3. Battery life is great. Easily lasts a day. Had to really work hard (actually play hard) to exhaust the battery completely. Still had some juice left at night (11 pm). So with moderate usage it can lost much longer 
4. Size : Previously i was rocking a dell streak. Yes the huge phone cum tablet that started the phablet segment. So holding the Moto g for the first time, it felt very small but after only one day of use i started liking it a lot. It is much easier to carry and hold and use with one hand. 
5. Build Quality : Feels solid in the hand. the weight at ~140 grams give it a sturdy feel as it neither too light nor too heavy. 
 
Things that can be better: 
 
1. Camera : This is the only major let down in an otherwise great phone. The camera UI is as simple as it can get but the image quality leaves a lot to be desired. Sharpness isn't there. Surprisingly i found the front camera to be much better than the rear one. So, the fans of 'Selfies' will not be dissapointed 
 
Other Facts : It takes more than 4 hours to charge from 0 to fully charged. But as it last longer, therefore no complaints. Just it is better to charge overnight.What do u want to do with ur MOTO.What not can be possible when u have a smart phone. Well, with Moto G you can do almost every thing that a high end smart phone can do. It is having OTG support so you can connect pendrive, mouse or a key board also. As it is from Google, any new software update released for android means we can hope an update will comes very first(along with Nexus) for this device also. 
 The most interesting part with Moto is build quality. How beautifully the designed it. When you hold it you can feel the quality of it. As nothing is removable from phone like battery, the device looks like a single module. And it is having Gorilla glass and water proof coating, so no problem when it is fallen down or fell in water(mine has fallen two times on floor but no scratches :) ). 
  I have never faced a problem of hanging when i am playing. So gamers you can do lots of game with Moto. 
  And finally, the draw backs: 
If your need is capturing quality pictures then it is not a good choice of considering Moto G. With a 5MP camera it is able to take pictures only in outside. Indoor pictures and night mode pictures are very bad(Sorry Night mode option even not there in the phone). It is not having any post processing of pictures and they are also looking noisey.Best Phone for 14K.Recently i bought this mobile. 
 
My phone is 16GB Version, and i got it with a 10 days of span. 
 
I am here does not writing any specification, because this will show on product info. 
 
I will explain those factors which i had worried, But now i am very satisfied with it form last 1 week... 
 
LOOK &amp; FEEL : 
---------------------------- 
1) Phone have enough slim. You will not feel any thickness. It is slimmer than Samsung Galaxy Grand. 
2) Not much weight, nearly to LG Nexus 4. 
3) Fit to you hand. I am able to handle this phone with my single hand. 
4) Pocketable (You can put in your modern jeans and you can ride a bike with out any uncomfortable). 
 
PERFORMANCE : 
------------------------------- 
A QUAD CORE processor giving it is best. It is QUALCOMM processor. So, it will never let you down. 
Well responsive. There is no lags till now. I am using most of apps simultaneously, switching between the apps, games. But this one managing for all the times. Internet accessing also working well with both WIFI as well as Mobile Data. 
 
After a while usage, it is getting little bit hot, but nothing too high, and it is getting down very quickly also. 
 
ANDROID : 
------------------- 
After open the box when i had started the mobile for first time, i had connected to wifi, immediately it asked for update. I had updated. after few minutes, When i had check the version, I am surprised, Because it is KITKAT 4.4.2. WOW!! 
 
DISPLAY &amp; TOUCH : 
------------------------------- 
Screen display is very good. Colorful, good viewing angles. Well brightness. Even i direct sunlight also it will show enough lighting which you can read your messages. 
Touch is well responsive. It is good by this price. But if you compare with high end smartphones like HTC ONE, SGS 4, NEXUS 5 then it may show the little delay between your finger and the layers when you move your fingers rapidly through the layers. 
 
Finally good and decent. enough for every day general usage. 
 
MEMORY : 
------------------- 
It is 16 GB version, but 12 gb will get as a user memory. I had installed a tons of apps, some mp3 files, some photos. But still i have 10gb of free space. I am sure it is enough for me. 
 
1GB of ram, we wil get around 800 for usage. always mostly it is using 64% at max usage. But still there is free memory. all apps are working fine. 
 
GPU also working fine. I had played the TEMPLE RUN 2 for an hour, even though game is working very smooth. there is no lag. 
 
CAMERA : 
------------------- 
It is 5MP camera. So, we cannot expect more. But even though it is good in well light with flash. 
But in low light not as good as SAMSUNG GALAXY S DUOS 2, which i had compared at night time within the street light with flash. 
 
This is good for mobile upload in social network, but if you consider camera as a main aspect, then it will disappoint to you. 
 
BATTERY : 
--------------------- 
This section, where i am highly satisfied with this mobile. 
 
One full charge will last more than a day. Every day i am filling 100% of charge. For one day, i am using 3 hours of wifi, 2 hours of mobile data, 2 hours of net, 2 hours of music, 30 mins download, 3 hours of game, 2 hours of call, 1 hours of screen on, 30 mins camera usage, a full night in standby use, morning 3 ~ 4 times full alarm will rang (due to my lazyness), finally my mobile reach to 18% to next day morning. 
 
What else we required?? 
 
CONS : 
------------ 
Below are the not a really cons, but if it full fill it will be a beast. 
 
1) Screen size is good, but there is lots of extra black edges which feels like a unused space. 
2) There is no data cable in the box. They are providing a standard wall charger for india version. 
3) In box headsets are not worth for a music lover. It feels like a cheep headset. 
4) Right now we are unable to get the lots of accessories in india local market. We need to buy through online which are bit of cost due to the import. 
 
VERDICT : 
----------------- 
Finally i am very happy with this phone. It will satisfy more than it cost. 
I will recommend to every one. 
 
(Sorry for my bad english)Best in its class.I ordered the phone on the 21st of April 2014 through standard delivery and received it on 24th April 2014. (no complaints) Delivery was fast. Thank you Flipkart. 
 
Now about the Moto G. 
 
I ordered the 16 GB variant and when i opened the package and tried to start my phone, it did not turn up(was very sacred), but then I charged my phone for 15 Mins and it turned up and I was relieved. They should at-least have a little juice to start up the phone. 
 
The phone is amazingly fast at this price point, through I do have Lag on the phone sometimes.(its ok at this price point). The best part is getting Android 4.4.2 kitkat pre installed. I have played Asphat 8, Dead trigger, GT Racing, Riptide GP2, buttery smooth and no lag. 
 
 - Call quality awesome, 
 - Loud speaker awesome(actually little extra loud) 
 - Screen is vibrant and under sun visibility is very good. 
 - The network connectivity and the 3G speed for the first day was not good, but it picked up drastically and its blazing fast now. 
 - Battery is very good as well, for a medium user it comes for one and half day(includes gaming, phone calls, browsing) 
 - The quality of head phones is good, not the best(is it realistic to expect a top notch headphone at this price range) 
 
The only bad point is that it does not include a micro USB cable.(but again the price range) and the Camera is Average.MOTO G ROCK$$$$$$.The Moto G is still the best budget phone money can buy, especially as there have been no big-name budget phones revealed since it came out. 
 
That said I have noticed a few minor issues that are worth considering if you have already bought a Moto G or are on the cusp of doing so. 
 
One hardware niggle is a sensible design choice that can backfire if you&rsquo;re not careful. The plastic screen surround of the Moto G sticks out a tiny bit from the glass front layer. This will stop the screen from shattering when the phone is dropped, but the plastic lip does get dented and scratched quite easily thanks to its vulnerable position. 
 
Just being in the pocket, jangling around with keys and coins, will eventually cause dents and scratches in this surround layer. It's worth checking out Motorola&rsquo;s flip case or a third-party bumper-style case because of this. 
 
Performance is also not quite perfect. The Moto G has a fairly powerful processor, but the limits of its 1GB of RAM are apparent at times. Once you have a lot of apps installed, there will be a slight delay when the phone heads back to the home screen &ndash; as the phone takes a little extra time to render the app icons and any widgets. 
 
General performance is still great for the price, though, and more than enough for anyone who limits themselves to small number of core apps. 
 
One element that my opinion has significantly improved on is battery life. the Moto G's battery life is genuinely quite impressive considering some rivals like the Lumia 620 have pretty poor battery life. 
 
With conservative use one able to squeeze two days' use out of the phone. And even with some game-playing and internet browsing, a day and a half is easily possible. It&rsquo;s an impressive performance for a phone of this price and screen size, even if pricier phones still beat it comfortably here.Awesome Product.Using this phone for 2 weeks now.. 
No issues so far.. 
Nothing new i can tell thats not been told here.. 
Bt here are some reviews of my own : 
 
1. Flipkart delivery was quick..delivered within 4 business days. 
 
2. The black matte finished back cover feels great in ur hands which is not the case with colored backs. the phone size is pretty handy..not too large which is an issue wid Samsung.. :/ 
 
3. Display is a masterpiece for the cost..lovely 720p 326ppi gorilla glass 3 display.. 
Awesome work Moto.. 
 
3. As a game buff i played loads of games &amp; even high end games worked quite well to my surprise..asphalt8 worked smoothly on medium settings.so did modern combat 4. 
 
4. Musics good with nice equalizer options..speakers loud as well.. 
 
5. Had no problems using wifi-300n &amp; 3g vodafone.. call quality is also good..the noise cancellations good. (p.s.-used just one sim as of now) 
 
6. Proceesor is pretty powerful &amp; multitasking works just fine even with games on..the only small issue was that ram gets used up wid 9-10+ apps on. But otherwise u just glide through 4-5 apps at ease in this phone. 
 
7. Camera may be an issue bt only for girls.. Ppl like me carry a digicam for that purpose so no issues der.. :P 
 
8. USB otg support is awesome. my 16gb pendrive works fine playing HD 1080p videos widout lags. 
 
All in all an Exceptional phone at an Exceptional price (literally) ;-) B-) 
TY MOTO, TY Flipkart.. m/ (Y)Good value for money mobile..I had ordered 16GB version of this mobile on 14th Feb 2014 on Flipkart and received the mobile on 24th Feb 2014. The packing was good and the piece was also good. 
 
Pros: 
1) Good build quality. 
2) Good IPS Display. 
3) Corring Gorilla Glass. 
4) No UI overlay in Android OS. 
5) Regular and quick Android updates. 
6) Play HD movie. 
7) Quad core. 
8) Ample internal storage. 
9) Increase storage after upgrade to Android KitKat. By using OTG cable and connecting USB drive. 
10) Camera of 5 MP is ok. 
11) Dual GSM SIM. 
 
Cons: 
1) No bundled data cable. 
2) Sound is too low. 
3) Can't play FM on phone speaker. Motorola should have provided this feature in the FM Radio APP. 
4) Very basic Audio effects using default APP. 
5) No Gyroscope to take 360 degree snaps. Anyhow this is a least used feature of the phone. 
6) No NFC. No NFC enabled POS available in India. 
7) Camera APP is very basic. Cannot change the image size in the default camera APP. 
 
A phone with all this features at cheap Rs 13999/- is a very value for money phone.Moto G.I have used it for over 2 weeks...used heavily for gaming and used 3g connection. Heavy games also run smoothly like Wild blood and modern Combat 4, frontline etc. very satisfied with overall performance. 5 mp camera better than my previous nokia c5 5mp camera. Battery last whole day with moderate use for surfing internet on 3g and playing games as well as making calls over 3-4 times for about 10 mins. performs better with 2g connection and even better without mobile data usage. 
Got camera error twice but returned to normal after restarting. Used around 7 gb with around 28 apps and games installed, still performing top notch and satisfied with 16gb (as of now :) got myself an OTG cable and test it with my 16 gb pendrive after formatting with fat32, works perfectly fine). 
Anyways thats the software reviews, actually bought it due to its corning gorilla glass, water proof properties, 4.5 inch as preferred by me and its compact ergonomically well designed expensive looks..:P 
Overall MOTO G rocks!!Great Value for Money - Nice Gaming Experience.Hats off to Motorola and Flipkart for getting this phone for a price of 13.999 only with a host of features which is generally found in high end phones. This is my 1st Android phone and I was looking for Nexus 5 but went on with MotoG as I wanted a stock Android experience and medium features and at this price MotoG was a great deal. 
A major blow to recently launched Samsung Grand 2. 
 
The quad processor offers a great gaming experience with no lags. I played Asphalt 8, Dead Trigger, Temple Run 2, PvZ2 with no lags. Altough I felt that there was some issues with the touch and swipe capability while playing Subway Surfers which was not that sensitive as it should be at some points but its fine. Also, do go for 16gb as if you want to have lot of games installed. 
 
Although the phone does have OTG cable support but the problem is you can't get it to detect the pendrive all the time and you have to restart the device. Also, it only detects FAT32 formatted pen drive and not NTFS. I have been using ES File Explorer. Don't know if it could correct the problem with the Nexus Media Manager as is required once the phone is KitKat updated as told on other forums. 
 
The camera is not that good is only for casual photo shots. Low light further diminishes its quality. But you can't expect that much at this price. 
 
And please don't go with the 1 star ratings. Its the frustation of all those people who didn't get the phone on the launch date. This phone deserves a 5 star rating. 
Overall a great value for all the features with this price.good mid range phone.I had been using gaiaxy ace for 2 years. Though it was a good phone and satisfied my most of the requirements , it was low on memory front.so, it was slow and lagged sometimes.Then I decided to buy moto g 16 gb. I have been using this for about a month now. 
 I feel it's a good phone at this pricepoint. The size of the device is just right, I can do almost anything like calling or selecting from the logs or typing etc, while holding the phone in one hand comfortably.The build quality is also good, couple of falls already but no problems.The display is nice, the sunlight legibility is very good.The battery life is very good, easily lasts for two days for me.I don't play games or watch many videos etc. so may be this point can be subjective.It supports OTG too,so could play music directly from my pendrive via adaptor. 
  Coming from samsung ,so stock android experience took sometime getting used to.But, it is easy. 
 Some apps. behave differently here.Like, in samsung we can call a person directly from contacts app. by sliding finger rightside or message by sliding leftside.Not so in this. 
Again for deleting messages in a thread, we can select multiple messages and then delete at once,here we have to select and delete one after other.In camera app. also, though there are no. of good options for editing photos,we can't delete photos, For deleting, only possible via gallery app.So certain improvements may be needed here. 
 Overall ,a good midrange phone.My Moto!!.Where do I start..? According to my daily requirements and needs I found out this Moto G(16GB) is best suited for my lifestyle. I would be happier if it was available in 32GB variant. 
 
As everybody by now has a pretty good idea of what this phone is about, so I'm not gonna tell anything about it. 
Since many don't know, about this brand here it goes a few lines.. 
 
First the brand (I'm a fan of Motorola!). The first and only company in 80's which developed a quality measurement technique called 'Six Sigma' where many other company's has failed to meet thequality standards like Motorola! Which Motorola maintains in all of it's products even today. Remember, this is the company which built products for military purposes to survive in extreme tough conditions. 
This one statement alone tells the quality in its products. 
 
#Moto G 
Good build quality 
Stock Android 
Handy Ergonomics 
Best price that's it!! 
If you care more for the above other than fancy and shiny looks.. 
 
You are good to go with it! 
 
And the best part is, it is sold by flipkart! So, 100% satisfaction Guarantee!!Best power-packed android at perfect price - Best Steal.The phone has broken all sales record of Motorola in their history. Its the most widely online sold phone in Indian history.. The numbers are sufficient to prove the phone's worth. Still adding in my experience here - 
Pros (almost everything) - 
1. Long battery life (lasts whole day easily with 1 movie of 2 hours + 8 hrs whatsapp + 1 hour calls) 
2. Best display (super crisp display with higher ppi than even iPhone) the only at this price to have a gorilla 3 glass and spill proof screen ! 
3. Pure android kit-kat experience (the only phone below 20K to have kitkat) 
4. Classy looks and good form factor fits in 1 hand 
5. Superb sound output on earphones (not the earphones that come with this phone. but other decent ones) 
 
Cons - 
1. Cheap useless earphones that come with this phone. worse than 50Rs earphones that are available in market 
2. No removable memory card (16 GB should b sufficient) 
3. no removable battery (i hope Motorola service center can replace it if needed after a year) 
4. 1.5 GB Ram would have been perfect, i know its asking too much in 14K 
 
Experience of shopping with flipkart was good. Shipped on-time (though i was eager and expecting it to arrive before time) 
The 10% off offer on axis bank cards was icing on the cake. Thanks FlipkartMoto g on the rise..Was it worth the price(and wait)? Definitely. Been using Moto g for over a month now and have not encountered any problems or glitches. Seems to cope well with all the apps and games( subways surfers, hill climb racing, speedx 3d, daddy was a thief) i'm using up till now. Battery life is good, but it all depends on what you do with the phone. Camera is good enough. It also comes with a decent front camera. Not too heavy in the hand and seems durable. Screen size and resolution is good. 
I have the 16GB version, so those using the 8GB version might feel the memory constraint once apps, files, multimedia start pilling up as the OS(kitkat) itself takes up about 3GB. In this respect the phone should have come with a memory card slot. To make up for this Google Drive is providing free 16 GB( not sure about the amount of storage)space for two years( dont know what will happen after that). It comes with an in built battery, which could put off a few people. 
Its a dual SIM phone, so its handy if you have a mobile for work and one for home. The phone came with a charger and normal headset(not in-ears). Its been compared with a lot other high end phones( nexus 5, iphone 5c etc) and it does not do very badly. 
Overall its the best buy in its category.Brilliant For its Price.Short Review - 
1) Superb screen. Brilliant Sunlight legibility. 
2) Super Fast - for a phone priced at 14000 and looking at its competitors, its as good as most flagships. 
3) Good Battery - I am a power user. I make loads of phone calls, surf the net, listen to podcasts, chat. It lasts me a day. I am not much of a gamer, so that definitely saves battery... 
4) Brilliant Speaker - This phone is loud. No other phone can even compare to the sound that this has. 
5) Looks Beautiful - Besides the HTC One and maybe the iphone, this is the most beautiful phone i have held in my hand. It also feels right and offers tremendous grip. 
6) WaterResistant - Check the videos online. I know of friends who have accidentally dropped it and the phone has worked like a dream. In rains, don't bother if it gets accidentally wet. Just wipe it dry after. 
7) Call Quality - Clear sound from both ends, so no issues on either side. 
8) So So Camera - Not a great camera but a functional one. If you want professional photos, use a Canon :PGood Phone with poor Accessories.The phone is good of its range... i think Motorola tried too much to reduce its cost.. in that case they provide such a poor accessories in the box without data cable. i m using this phone from a month. 
 
Rating of phone features out of 5 stars 
#Look - 4.5 stars (if keys of Back &amp; Main Menu are on the bottom of phone instead of on screen it saves d length of display &amp; bottom of phone dsnt look like a waste) 
#Features - 5 stars (All Features of phone r very good, competing every other phone of this range) 
#Display - 5 stars (Very fine display, touch is like butter) 
#Sound - 4.5 stars (0.5 i cut because sound equalizer has very less options, except that sound is loud &amp; clear) 
#Camera - 4.5 stars (clarity is awesome in daylight, i cn say it has actually a 5mp camera bcz d pixel not easily get distort while zooming, inbuilt features of phone like HDR r great, but night clicks r not fine but with flash on portratit it works fine) 
# Inbuilt Microphone - 4.0 star ( I cut one star because the voice is not audible to the person on another side if your voice is medium and phone is 4-5 inches far away) 
#Battery - 2.5 stars (Battery sucks, while using 3G it hardly go for 12 hours, if you r not fond of games or using 3G, then no issue phone is easily run around 30 hrs or more) 
 
For Accessories i say only word 'bakwass' 
# Charger-1.5 star (Charger in box is of very poor output, if your Moto G battery goes down of 14% the charger cannot works you have to charge the phone with samsung phones or other chargers to help battery to reach level of 20%) 
# Earphones- 2.0 stars (sound quality is gud, but its earpiece is hardly fit in the ears, &amp; ears start paining after few mins., company should give bud earphone instead of this hard plastic earphone) 
 
Kitkat(4.4.2) version has some issues so i didnt updated it to that version. 
 
phone is working fine, there are no lags while playing heavy games, few &quot;motorola mobility apps&quot; helps to add torch features etc... so Moto G is best phone of its range. 
 
Overall 4 stars (1 star i cut for the accessories and battery) 
 
Moto G rocks.....Buyers Review.I bought the Moto G 16 GB version a month ago and after giving it a month to know the product better i write this review. 
 
The Moto G is a really great phone that one could have for such affordable price. The Design is really sleek and curvy and it feels great in your hands. The back rubber case along with the &quot;M&quot; dimple on the back gives it a great grip and feel of comfort while holding it. Also the company's decision to be secure enough with their product and not print the company full name on the product except for the brand on the back gives it a very elegant look. 
 
It is packed with the latest Android kitkat has pre installed Quick office, email and Play store, face recognition etc which makes it very convenient to work with excel, word, ppt or pdf files. Though one may not find basic useful tools such as Notes or file explorer. 
 
The Display is sharp and clear even under direct sunlight and the phone works great normally. But despite me only using half of the available memory i have encountered problems from time to time, when the phone hangs up on me and the screen icons disappear. 
 
The camera is great for still pictures, whereas with not much of image stabilization. So movements come all blurry. It comes with a 4x zoom capability but due to low image stabilization the zoom too is compromised. Still pictures are very well captured and even low light pics come out better than many phones. 
 
The dual Sim is one of the feature that attracted me to this phone along with many other features. But now i have come to encounter some problems with the sim reading. From time to time the phone stops reading the sim card and there is a little white cross in a red triangle which appears instead of the network sign. 
 
The battery is non removable and lasts not more than a day even with minimum usage. but i guess this is normal with almost all smart phones. The memory is internal and no room for external memory is available. 
 
All in all a good phone that is totally worth the money. Though i hope i can get rid of the few issues i have been facing with the phone. FLIPKART has done a totally awsome job packing and delivering it.moto g awesome phone u will lve it...Hii guy. Here is my experience of using moto g. 
It is an awsm phone I lve it's 
* SUPER SMOOTH TOUCH. The touch is vry smooth and super fast. It fells vry nic really.. 
*ATTRACTIVE DESIGN.. The design of moto g is better then every other mobile. It is attractive and u will lve it 
.. Its back cover comes with Matt finish and looks vry much better than cheep looking plastic covers.. 
*DISPLAY it has 4.5 inch IPS hd display. With GORILA glass 3 protection. With 720p resolution. Wow what a display. Neither too big nor small.. The brightness is vry nic. The display will make u fell like u r using a high end smart phone.. 
*OPERATING SYSTEM... android 4.4.2 is best.. 
*PERFORMANCE.. Incredibly fast.. It has snapdragon 400 chipset , 1.2 ghz quad core cortex A-7 processor. Aderno 305 graphic processor with 1 GB ram. Makes it super fast.. I m using it from 1 month it have never hanged. U will be thrilled with the performance really. 
* GAMING . vry nic gaming experience. Almost all game runs very smoothly on it. 
* CAMERA ..The 5 mp camera shoots vry nic photfeatur autofocus. U have 2 keep phone still for sometime before clicking pic for best quality pic.. 
Video recording is 720p.. 
U can do SLOW MOTION video recording which is also a high end feature. 
*BATTERY BACKUP... Battery backup is excellent. On heavy usage battery backup is around around 8-10 hours and on normal usage it is around 20 hours.. 
But its 2070 mah battery takes 2 hours for full charging. 
* its also have WATER REPELLENT NANO COATiNG again a high end feature. 
This is a worth 2 buy budget smartphone. U guys would not be disappointed....Best Value For Money Phone.For 14000 rupees this is the best phone that one can buy in India. In my family I use a Nexus 5, Wife - iPhone 5, Dad - Galaxy Grand, Mom - Xperia SP and I got the Moto G for my younger brother ... honestly if you are comparing this with a Nexus 5 or a Galaxy S4 ..you might be disappointing, but i repeat, at 14000 these is no other phone that can beat this 
 
Pros : 
1) KitKat update and higher chance of getting future updates from Google (i know Lenovo bought Motorola, but Google still controls the RnD) 
2) Nice Built Quality 
3) Highly responsive and lag free (much faster than mid range galaxy grand devices) 
4) Nice bright and sharp display (at least Indoors) 
5) Surprisingly good camera and video camera performance for a normal 5 MP shooter 
6) Supposed to be water resistance to an extent (though never tried) 
7) Decent device even for hardcore gaming (there surely are faster gaming phones but they cost double) 
8) Manageable battery life (though not the best) 
9) Gr8 wifi reception (beats the Nexus 5 at times) 
10) Good phone call performance 
 
Cons: 
1) Screen tends to get a lil hot when gaming for longer durations 
2) Audio quality very average .. inbuilt speakers disappoint and supplied headphones are bad quality 
3) Still a little worried about after sales serviceIt's Motorola ! R.I.P. Kids.Before I write this review let me tell you that I am a proud fan of Motorola since childhood. All the phones which we had in the family were Motorola and few Nokias. 
For Moto G I had to wait for around 2 years as my last Moto was a non android one and I did't liked other phones except slight inclination towards Nexus but it is expensive. Finally I got the good news that Motorola is coming back to India but still had to wait for 3 months more to get it. I ordered it on 1st day itself within a few minutes after launch. I opted for same day delivery. Flipkart did a good job. 
I was sure that this phone won't disappoint me and the moment I opened the box I had the beast in my hand. Charged it and it was on. It has been 1 month. I have played Asphalt8 Airborne , Real Racing 3 etc. on this and me and my friends both say WOW!. THe camera is also cool because of slow motion , HDR, easy panorama , easy shooting mode , which you don't get in many phones no matter how expensive thy are. It has Gorilla glass 3 so I didn't put a screen guard on it , Motorola patented Crystal talk , water repellent coating. 
When people ask me what's so great about this phone. I dont have any answer because the whole thing is so nice that I don't have a single point to answer. So better don't ask . 
 
If you are reading this review then believe me , no ther phone around 20,000 can beat it. 
Thanks for reading.Good phone in this category, totally worth the money.Using Moto G from three days now, Its so far soooo good. Got a preloaded Android 4.4.2 OS. Usable memory for 16 gb model is only about 12 gb, but it proves to be more than sufficient for an average user. Black back cover fits well and provides good grip but is not as good as original cover in terms of quality and looks. Best part of the phone is Kitkat features, the voice assistant from google is best so far and all google accounts work brilliantly. Processor speed is decent, internet is working very well with airtel 2g, haven't yet tried 3g on it:)... 
The datacable is not provided in the box, thankfully had a old one of my samsung phone. One thing I was not able to do was to set a ringtone from a music file in the playlist. After googling was surprised to know that you cant do that directly. You would have to change formats of the file, download apps, connect phone to pc and save in specific folder the track you want as your ringtone....and it goes on and on.....havent been able to get it right yet......A simple feature to make a music track as your ringtone was present in my basic samsung phone, I wonder why its so troublesome in this one.. 
All in all, the phone has a rich user experience and you would enjoy it especially for the bucks paid:)what else you want for 14k.Have been using motorolas prev android famous defy plus, which was not up to the mark. 
but i have done so many things on it, installing OS i have used JB on it. smooth it was but the 512 mb ram was not just enough for me to install all apps, play read, browse. internet was not faster. one problem that i lived with was 3g. never had run 3g on it the mobile would restart. 
Now my next phone motoo g mighty impressed, the motorola migrate app just eased all my worries. 
Used for a weak, ran some tests. its worth buying this phone. It gave pretty decent results with my tests. 1GB ram i just using my mobile as fast as it can work. 
I browse faster after using defy, moto g looks a icing cake for me. 
 
1GB is just enough and pretty good for normal users, no lags no hangs. 
if you are a game lover, i would suggest to go with some high end specs. but Moto g is not less either. if you use it in smarter way. install/uninstall always u hav an option. :) 
battery is pretty decent and display is very cool. i am not a lover of scratch guards, moto g will survive without it.Moto G !!! Budget phone ka bada Baap !!.I am using this phone from 2 weeks, it is the best phone and great value for money 
Got kitkat update on 14th feb (a valentine gift from Motorola) 
No any lag it perform very well on all usage like playing game, watching movie and lots of multi - tasking as well.had played many high end games on this device, runs buttery smooth. 
-Signal strength is excellent 
-Dual Sim (Dual standby). a plus point of Moto G in india and Indian Users. 
-for those who are complaining about call quality, bhai jake ears ka ilaaz karao. its call quality is awesome. 
-16GB version has 12.92GB available for user 
-400MB (1 gigs) available for user after all apps 
-Screen (bhai yahi to iska plus point hai) 
-Camera - Images and videos are ok ok type, not as great as it should be even camera of Lumia 520 is better than this but still the Image was good enough for a normal User 
-Cool Motorola apps (both Moto Migrate and Moto Assist) 
-Speakers are very loud you will love the sound quality when you use it via Poweramp. 
-Battery lasts for more than 24hrs with moderate usage of calling, surfing some hours of Wi-fi and lil bit of gaming. 
 
My Ratings on this Gem 
Display- 9/10 
Overall Build quality- 9/10 
Call quality- 8/10 
Hardware- 9/10 
overall look and feel- 10/10 
Surfing- 8/10 
Value for money- 10/10 
Overall- 8/10 
Satisfaction after Using it- 10/10 
Verdict: I would strongly recommending this device. it is the best device you can get under 20000 till date. best budget/popular/value for money smartphone ever. you will never feel like you are using a budget smartphone as it makes you fell you have a better from all others smartphone.Best buy in years. just got my phone today.Initial reactions 
+ 
720p screen, awesome screen, good colors, 
feels fast, no lags 
feels solid in build quality, 
sound quality using sennheiser headset good. the earphones with the package is of same quality what you get with normal budget phones. 
Camera is ok for my use. I have a dslr when i require quality so i am happy with this 5mp. HDR is good. 
Google now is awesome...(applies for all android kitkat devices..you can send a message, set alarms, call someone just by talking to you phone.. you can even ask random questions like &quot;what is the ht of actor surya and it will voice out the answer. (similar to siri but better in all aspects) It is an awesome feature which I will use a lot) 
 
16gb Memory is fine for my use. As OTG support is there i can manage carrying a pendrive full of movies when i need. 
 
WORTH IT.. I really appreciate moto and flipkart to make this happen. BRing a 30k phone to people for just 13k...AMAZING... 
 
I hate samsung, htc, sony who just launch phones for 40k+ and expect us to buy. the worst thing is it will be outdated in just1 year. Moto g has better processor performance than last years 40 k phones like htc one x. 
 
-ves 
 
no fb contact integration 
Vanilla android looks too simplistic compared to HTC.. for ex the contact list is not at all appealing (I like HTC sense a lot)..but it does the job though.. 
camera 
 
BUT the -ves are not for motorola..it is for me. Go compare 30k 720p phones in flipkart like htc and sony. you will understand how much value motorola has placed on the table. 
 
The nostalgic thing is my first phone was a moto and then i had razr sometime..now again &quot;Hello Moto&quot;Fully satisfied with Moto G.Well, as usual, best service from flipkart. I received this device a day before the expected date. IMPRESSED AT ITS FIRST LOOKS 
1st thing i liked is its Superb built quality (i've been scratching nails and pins on my display from yesterday &amp; i still can't see a single scratch on it. So no need of any lamination then). Although its water repellent, i haven't dared to immerse it in water yet. 
 
2nd thing is the Snapdragon S4 processor along with Kitkat 4.2.2, (gets the latest updates) so almost no lagging in heavy games. Also Supports OTG, if u lack space. 
 
3rd point is, its a 4.5 inch device i.e i wont have to grab my thump up high on a 5 inch screen for notifications, meant, it fits perfectly on one's hands. Neat &amp; Tidy. 
Speakers are better than my expectations. 
GPS (along with GLONASS) locks within 1 to 2 seconds (A great relief), which was a mess on my Micromax Canvas HD (I had to take it out in the open, hold my hands upwards &amp; had to wait for 4-5 min for GPS lock) which was very inconvenient while travelling. 
 
The only drawbacks are: 
1) Non-removable batteries (which lasts for more than 1 day on average usage) 
2) No slots for SD cards. I would suggest u to go for 16 GB variant then. 
3) Camera quality: Its an average, not recommended for heavy photographers. (There's been an update, which improved its quality a bit). But one thing. When Motorola clams 5.0 MP, they are providing the perfect resolution of 5.0 MP, not like Micromax 8.0 MP and 13.0 MP. Front cam's also great than expected. 
4) Data cable not included in the box. Motorola headsets provided in the box are just average. I would suggest to use Nokia WH-205 headsets which works like a charm (except the mic button) 
 
Overall, my final verdict is GO FOR MOTO G BLINDLY. Afterall its Motorola 'A Google Company'Value for money phone - Happy after 1 months of rigorous usage.I am writing this after almost 1 month of usage. 
 
- Phone looks decent and elegant 
 
prons 
- Feels sturdy and tough , tough backcover sometimes make creepy sound 
- Good network reception ( both 3G and 2G) 
- Good sound quality ( both speakers and earpiece) 
- Screen resolution and pixel density matches exactly whats given over specs 
- Ambient light sensor and proximity sensors are nicely configured , didnt find any glitch 
- Volumes and phone lock key are ergonomically placed 
- phone fits nicely into jeans pocket 
- battery backup is decent - for me its 2 days almost ( I am always on HSPA+ network ) 
- Pre-installed kitkat came up with my handset 
- I dont play high end games , but whatever tried worked smoothly 
- Water and dust resistant ( didnt tested it , even donn want too :-P ) 
- Dropped once didnt found a single scratch anywhere. 
- Softwares like Motorola assist makes life easy 
- No overheating issue ( yes it becomes warm after continuous music listening or video watching. 
- Nicely configured inbuilt sound equalizer. 
- Notification white LED 
- Swipe letter texting makes texting fun and quick. 
 
 
cons 
- Camera : bad than worst !! ( I was aware of this before purchasing , but didnt thought it would be too much disappointing) 
- second SIM dont have 3G capability ( Only GPRS/EDGE ) 
- No data cable inside box 
- Not all 3.5mm jack headsets works readily 
- Earphone which came inside box are of cheap quality 
- Being play store addition limited pre-installed app 
- No inbuilt/pre-installed call recorder/call blocker , third part app need to be installed. 
 
I dont consider these cons to be downside , coz phone deliver everything it promises. 
 
Only camera is something which might change your mind before purchasing. 
 
I am happy with its overall performance and even being a budget phone it is having all smart features and hardware components which are required and would be required in the near future. 
 
I'll give 4/5 ( -1 coz of camera only)Best power-packed android at perfect price - Best Buy.I've Been using my Moto G for over a month and thought of sharing my experiences with you all, 
First of all Flipkart did a very nice job delivering the product way before the standard delivery date! Considering the price bracket this is a super cool phone and delivers an equal performance to almost some of the flagship phones and Moto G specs are kinda similar to Galaxy Grand 2 specs too!! :) 
 
Pros: 
1. Display - It is too damn cool! Youll have to See it to believe it 
20 .Kitkat - Well i think the phone having KitKat out of the box doesnt have any bugs in it while updating JB to Kitkat raise probs for customers... if u get KitKat which u will get most probably then you will love it! 
3.Good RAM and GPU ran every game i installed buttery smooth! (NOVA 3, TDKR, DEAD TRIGGER 2, ASPHALT 8) 
4.even though camera is just 5MP it delivers decent images and flash is good and the front cam is nice for video calls! :) 
5. Lovely Notification Light! :) 
6. All Day battery 
 
It's perfect phone which covers all features in middle range... 
Photo clarity perfect. 
Easy to operate. 
I couldn't find any cons considering the price bracket. 
Buy it &quot;On the GO&quot;, you wont regret your decision. enjoyawesome mobile ever upgraded to 4.4.2 kitkat OS ... worth buying.Hi Guys, 
First talking about the mobile 
i am waited for the mobile from past 2months atlast its in my hand thanku flipkart 
and 
its one of the awesome mobile ever, its going to sweep all the mobiles in the market. 
mobile looks so beautifull, 
The OS Kitkat 4.4.2 was so awesome and mind blowing performance and looking so extra ordinary 
the HD screen resolution is so glamorious, 
battrey was really good it last a day with my data ON the whole day perfectly, 
Camera was good , 
games like temple run 2 and many games are running perfectly without any obstractions and hanging, 
processor is really a plus point its very fast without any dellay, 
Ram is perfect for this mobile. 
And u know its dual sim... so happy. 
 
overall its very worth buying and its cheap tooo with all this ingredients 
 
and about the flipkart i ordered the mobile on the day of release at 12:04am 6/2/14 , and they said they will deliver me on 10/2/14 but you know they deleverd on 8/2/14 with good packing 
its reallly so good and so fast they deliverd me so soon i am so happy flipkart 
thanku flipkart 
 
and i disopointed is that i buyed the mobile on the release day but am not in list of cash back offer . 
 
The bad thing is that 
they r not providing data cable and headset is not so good 
 
Thank you flipkart and thanku moto - gAmazingly marketed great device!!.I am really impressed by the way this phone has been advertised...I have a XOLO X900 that I got last year same time for 15.5K .. 
 
Lag free performance - same in both ... INTEL ATOM 1.6Ghz is really amazing 
! GB RAM - same in both 
16 GB Internal Storage/No SD Card Slot - same in both 
decent camera - same in both 
GPU clocked at 400 Mhz - same in both 
X900 has 299 ppi ... MOTO G has 329 ppi .... no difference to human eye 
Of course, X900 still runs on ICS (lol) but I really don't need further updates ... 
 
There are a few things which the MOTO is relly good at 
1. Battery backup (2070mAH vs 1460 mAH) 
2. Bigger screen (4.5&quot; vs 4.03&quot;) 
3. SNAPDRAGON processor, which means dev support in xda ... which means lots of custom roms to try out!!! (INTEL has not released source code for its processor and hence no unlocking bootloader :( ) 
I'm just saying that there has been at least one such phone earlier, but a few small things and amazing price/marketing do make a huge difference!! 
Let's see how Samsung gets back .. or will it? :D ... heard NOKIA will venture in Android ...Best in class .. Moto G.Frankly ... Moto G is a superb phone. I received my Moto G on Feb 20th where as I was expecting it on 25th .. Its been a week now that I have been using this phone so I thought that now its time for me to put my review. Motorola Mobility is under Google now, I am sure they have put all their efforts to get the best out of factory. The best thing is that the phone stands above expectation in most of its features. 
 
Excellent screen resolution with 329 ppi 
Cool design with premium quality finish (I fell in love the moment I got it in my hands) 
Touch is very smooth and responsive 
Dual micro SIM slots 
Lag free performance through out. 
As far as I know this device is OTG enabled however I haven't got a chance to check it myself. 
LED flash is very bright and useful with certain flash apps from play store. 
Clear sound quality with videos and audios. 
Choose among colored back covers and flip covers (I chose white flip cover which fits in fine) 
 
Camera - Video &amp; image quality is pretty decent as its a budget phone (Could have been a little better if compared to Nokia Lumia 520 ..) 
Battery life is better than average 
Keypad usage got me few issues while typing otherwise its fine. 
No memory card slot but 16 GB serves me fine. (Moreover you get 50 GB drive space for 2 years and you also have OTG connectivity) 
 
If you can afford trying something new then definitely go for it. :)??????Surprisingly good for the money, fast enough for most all needs ??????.I purchased this for my brother. I have to say I am very impressed with this little device. Just so you know where I'm coming from, my cell phone history starts with my current Nexus 5 , Nexus 4, Galaxy S3, Galaxy Nexus, micromax canvas 2 galaxy mini s5570.... and it goes on and on and on. I am a smart phone aficionado, and this little thing impresses me. 
 
The screen has great viewing angles, and looks great in general. I dare say I like the color and viewing angles better than on my Nexus 5. The blacks don't become a light grey at the extreme corner angles. Obviously, my 5&quot; 1080p is more of a pleasure to use than the 4.5&quot; 720p overall, but I had to comment on just how rich and beautiful the Moto G display is. The size means that it has a PPI of about 329. The iPhone 5's retina display, for comparison, sits at 326ppi. The vast majority of people will need no more than what this display has to offer. AND... it's wrapped in Gorilla Glass 3. Not that it should really matter that much, I've had Gorilla Glass scratch and seen it shatter so it isn't a super material... but some people will be glad to have it.(better get a screen protector) 
 
The Quad Core 1.2Ghz Snapdragon 400 was fast enough for me. According to some benchmarks I've seen, it supposedly runs about as fast as the Nexus 4. The difference seems to be that this CPU simply sips on the battery. But, I'll get to more on that later. The GPU seemed fast enough for me on the benchmarks I'd run. Not the fastest, but by no means slow. The device doesn't have as much RAM at 1GB as higher end phones which tend to come in at 1.5 or 2GB. However for the average person this will not matter. Android's memory management is pretty good. While a power user might be able to occasionally catch blips associated to the lack of extra ram, the average user will never see it. 
 
For a casual user, the battery life will simply be phenomenal. My brother, with some light-ish use on mostly 3G network access did 21% battery use over 24 hours, and 55% over 3 days before charging. That's just crazy. Simply bananas. As a disclaimer, 1st bug on my phone (that others have reported as well on some units) where a full discharge of the battery was not able to be recharged from fully dead without some serious fiddling. I managed to get that phone charging again and decided to try and run the battery down (testing) and I ran into problems. I couldn't tax the battery. I ran benchmarks, 3D intensive simulations, etc... the thing would not give up it's battery. I'm returning the questionable phone, but given that there are bad eggs in any production batch, I'm not docking any stars. I think this phone is worth the 5 stars, regardless of the occassional bad build. 
 
Cons? There's no &quot;advanced&quot; features. There's no LTE (4G) radio on board. There's no NFC sensor for sharing links or doing financial transactions. There's no wireless charging, nor any 802.11ac support for the WiFi. However the average user might not really care about, or need, those things. LTE would've been nice, and most people have been convinced that they need 4G in their lives. However many are reporting real-life 3-4Mb/s transfer rates on their Moto G's... I get 12Mb/s on my DSL. How much speed do you really need to check the weather? I don't see how NFC didn't make the cut, but I guess at the price I can't complain. I'm not wild that the volume rocker is on the same side as the power button, but that's not a big deal. 
 
Pros? This phone feels great in the hand. It has a good weight. I never liked the ultra-light feel of the samsung flagship phones. The phone feels solid despite having a user removable back plate. Oh, and you can replace the back plate with colorful replacements, or flip covers, or what have you , we get dual sim model in India which is superb. 
 
For most anyone, this will be an absolutely fantastic choice. Don't be afraid, just buy it. 
???????????????BEAUTIFUL!.WOW! Where do I begin... Moto G is an absolute beauty the moment you hold the device in your hand you feel like you're holding a premium flagship device, nowhere it feels like a budget phone. Updated to the latest KitKat and it feels like you're using one of those iOS devices and even better. I'm so impressed at this price point you get the best of android with this device. Flipkart is impressive as well the package was very good booked on 16th got the product in 8 days this is my first purchase from flipkart, they said I'd get it by 27th but got it much earlier than I expected. Back to the phone now, the battery backup is mind blowing as everyone had been saying it lasts till late night even with heavy usage like browsing, social networking etc on 3G previously I had been using Galaxy S2 its battery backup was the worst thing I had experienced in a smartphone, the only thing that irks me about moto g is that it doesn't have an expansion for a memory card which I'll have to manage with only 16gb. Overall this is the best device to go with if you're going for an android device. Thank you Motorola Google for this awesome device and thank you flipkart. I'm writing this on my moto g :)Finally!.Unsatisfactory service aside, the product seems like it was worth the wait. 
 
The device feels sturdy and a pleasure to hold. The vibrant and bright screen is a joy to operate your fingers on. There is a distinct smoothness to the screen, in a good way, which is different from other phones I've used so far. 
 
Updated the phone to KitKat, which took agonisingly long, don't know why, coz I was able to download Asphalt 8 at a brisk pace. But the system seems just as responsive. No visible glitches or system freezes. Evaluated its processing power by playing Asphalt 8 for a while, and it ran lag free, although the back did heat up pretty quickly. More testing required on this front, which I shall get to in the weeks to come, and then, perhaps, I'll update this section of the review. 
 
Camera is average at best. Lots of noise, and after the KitKat update, the response time seems to have taken a hit. 
 
Audio is loud enough, but nothing extravagant. It does the job of producing audible and enjoyable sound. 
 
I admit I'm yet to operate and evaluate it comprehensively, but so far, all is well. 
 
Definitely the phone to buy in the current market if you're running on a tight budget. I reckon there are only 2 Android phones worth owning this time. For budget-non-conscious, it's the undisputed Nexus 5, and for the budget-friendly people, it's the Moto G (16 GB as for a difference of mere 1.5K, it's senseless to go for 8 GB ), .A Middle Budget Phone with Low quality charger.Hi All, 
I received moto g through flipkart from Bangalore Hub to Hyderabad Kukatpally in 40Hrs. 
The shipment missing the invoice, so don't forget to call to CC and get it.!!! 
The charger is not good enough taking long time to charge and heating up 
The ear phones(old style-2006 model motorola model) are cheap in look but works great as Samsung-S5. 
The phone works great battery levels will fall for 48 Hrs whether you use it or not. 
*No data cable is given with phone (bcoz the seller is &quot;Pisinari&quot;), instead use any Nokia, Sasmusung, Micromax, Celkon,etc., any data cable will work(because similar pin size) 
*First 2 days the phone will heat up but dont worry it will set after 2 days 
*Many features given in Moto G just explore, e.g., voice control, translator (no need of dictionary u can find the exact meanings in your own mother tongues) 
* Excellent gaming, I installed Asphalt 8 racing game (1.3 GB size) working without lagging, even in HTC 601 it is very sluggish in this game.. 
*Dont upgrage the software it will come with 4.4.2, some problems seen in upgradation. 
 
And finally, &quot;DONT FORGET TO BUY A BUMPER CASE FOR YOUR SUPER G-PHONE&quot; .,,, 
 
Thanks All. 
Naresh Goli.Worth buying it.first of all i would like to thank motorola for designing such an awesome phone with best features any phone can have in this price range 
its been a month now since am using this phone 
there is no lagging in the phone all the games i have downloaded are running very smoothly 
design is awesome , touch is fabulous , camera is 5 mp which is slightly less then expectations .. according to a 5 mega pixel camera quality is good ...In the beginning there was a problem with the camera it was showing an error then i search it on internet and found there are many cases with the same error but somehow that problem has been fixed now .. battery lasts more than 50 hrs so u dont need to charge it in a short span of time ... 
its features like 
Text to Speech 
Swype text 
are giving extra shine to the phone 
 
although storage capacity(16 GB) is not enough for me but that's the only option i had 
 
now review for flipkart --- unhappy with the service, my first order for the phone is still pending however on the 7th day after placing the order i got to know that there was a problem in the order ... so i ordered it again and got the delivery on the second day of order 
 
5/5 for the phone and 3.5/5 for flipkartBEST PHONE UNDER Rs.20000!!! But some flaws too!.Just bought the 16 gig version 20 days ago and it seems that i have made the right choice! 
 
PROS: 
 
&gt;The key features of the phone is that it has a dual sim, qualcomm snapdragon 400(quadcore), 1 gig of ram, 16 gig internal storage(user memory=13 gig), android kitkat, adreno 305 processor for a good gaming experience(personally tested fifa 14), which is really cool, and finally a corning gorilla glass 3 protecting it from scratches and accidental drops. 
&gt;The phone feels a little bit heavy, but it is good as it reminds you that you still have it in your pocket and gives you a good grip while holding it. 
&gt;You get full HD video playback upto 1080 p and the quality of speakers is also good with many preinstalled audio effects. 
&gt;You get to shoot slow motion videos with the back camera which also really cool. Front camera is good and is ideal for video calling. 
&gt;The 1280x720 display is really stunning! 
&gt;The main plus point of the moto g is that it has ZERO LAG while operating it. 
&gt;The speech recognition is very accurate and you can call, send messages, set alarms, find a place on google maps by just speaking it out! 
&gt;The battery back up excellent for my use! Songs for 1 hr, videos for 1 hr, 3g for 2 hrs, 20-30 min of calling, and it stands for about 1 day! 
&gt;Its also waterproof for an extent as it has a nano coating. 
 
FLAWS: 
 
&gt;The camera is good, but not excellent. 
&gt;Call quality is also good, but it could have been better. &gt; 
It is shocking when you come to know that you dont get an usb cable in the box with the phone, but thanks to my home wifi connection and google play apps, i am able to transfer files from my pc to my phone. 
&gt;The charger is also not good and it gets heated up while charging. 
&gt;The so called gorilla glass 3 is a little bit disapointing in my opinion. It was really smooth for a ten days and eventually got rough as i used it. I dont know whether the problem was with the gorilla glass or my fingers, as i have a habbit of biting my nails which makes it a little bit wet. I recommend to put a screen protector even if it is gorilla glass 3. 
&gt;It has no expandable storage and you have to go with the cloud storage they offered. So buy the 16 gig version or you are going to regret it. 
 
The pros of the phone are so big that they actually hide the little flaws. In my opnion the moto g is a perfect smartphone for those who are planning to buy a cheap and best phone!Tasty KitKat... Amazing Price.Few months ago, an entry level kitkat phone at an affordable price was just too much to ask for. Moto G just filled the gap between the latest and most affordable smart phones. Add to that flipkart's awesome services and you will find that these are the most valuable 13999 bucks spent from your pocket. The packaging was just too good. I fell in love the moment I opened the package. The body is just too smooth to hold. Came across a video in youtube and followed the advice to remove printed MOTO G Logo and label with a Nail Polish remover (It is working well till I get my screenguard and flip cover). Switched it on and the first app I installed was the google experience launcher. And it was good to see a UI just like nexus 5. Although you wish that the RAM could have been better, but then apps like cleanmaster come to rescue you from such worries. 
 
I am just very glad that I bought this one... 
 
Pros: 
Everything in this phone right from the Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor to the 720p HD resolution display is excellent. 
 
Cons: 
RAM 
CameraNice phone and great service flipkart - though got delayed delivery due to poor weather!.Ordered Moto G on 14th feb and flipkart shipped it on 22nd , before 10 days :) was happy unless blue dart took 6 days to deliver the product! That was a really long wait! uff ! 
 
Nevertheless after a wait of 14 long days, i finally received the phone! 
 
There are so so many reviews here , all praising the great Moto G , which believe me it deserves! :) 
 
So i'll just tell what i didn't like about it 
 
1. The power and volume keys, they are really close and look too 'cheap'. 
2. The camera is horrible - literally horrible! The colours are too saturated , the quality is poor, even the camera app is poor. Better to use an alternative app from play store. 
3. The headsets provided are bad , really really bad! 
4. Many boundations as - its not possible to set a song as ringtone directly. Ofcourse it can be done manually. But it should be present by deafault. 
5. Opening back cover is really scary - lagta he tut hi jayega. 
6. Sometimes on loudspeaker , the sound breaks. 
 
But i purchased it for my father, and for him it is PERFECT - in budget , rough and tough , full of incredible features - and the delicious KitKat ;) The ONLY letdown is the camera..which lets face it , can be ignored in front of these rich features ! :) 
 
Although Flipkart, i didnt like waiting for 14 days .. really..was bit upset due to this..The One Phone - Moto G.Out of passion on studying Moto G from last one month, I finally purchased it, using and no regret at all spending the money. This is a great &amp; awesome product satisfying a wide range of customers with ratings10k+ increasing every day. 
 
One reason that draws everybody&rsquo;s attention to this product are &ndash; 
1. Its specification 
2. Kitkat ( Android 4.4.2 ) 
 
And these are not available currently under 14k from any smart phone maker. 
 
The three navigation buttons are now inside the screen at the bottom gives it unique look &amp; feel and most importantly makes the navigation super smooth. I have seen and experience several other smart phone loses touch sensitivity gradually on these buttons. 
 
Another reason (my personal favorite) is that Moto G gives you the privilege of connecting usb pendrive through OTG. I used it a lot and played several Full HD movies (1080p) in mx player with H/W decoding mode which run beautifully with absolutely no lags. 
 
And unfortunately Grand 2 doesn&rsquo;t have OTG features even after spending 20k+Awesome Experience in Just 14k.I am using this phone from 8 days and it looks like this phone is the Baap of all phone in the same series . 
Pros: 
1. Processor is so fast , not like indian manufacture . 1.2Ghz Sanpdragon is better then any Mediatek. 
2. Gaming experience is Just awesome , i am playing Asphalt8 , in last 8 days it never lags never hang . Better then Grand 2 which have 1.5 GB ram but still it lacks in Grand 2. 
3. Picture quality is just awesome , download any video of good pixel and watch it you will feel the difference. 
4. Camera give decent picture in Good Light , even in low light it gives better picture quality then any micromax 8MP phone it has some noise but have good information . 
5. For those who think 16GB is not enough for them , buddy just but a 16GB pendrive and connect it , it support thie feature it will cost you just 800-900 more. 
6. Build quality is very good , though it take some time to charge the mobile , Battery temperature usually remain in between 40.c . 
7. Gorilla Glass 3 is just awesome .The Best.I'v used the Moto G for a month now. Its really been a pleasure. It has a great build quality, is easy to use with one hand. 
I did a few benchmark tests and Antutu Benchmarks gave it a ranking close to 17.5k and it is greater than the Nexus 4, in short Moto G &gt; Nexus 4. 
Its running android 4.4.2 and is capable of great multitasking. The battery life of the device is great, it lasts near about 1.5 days with normal use and about 17-18hrs with gaming and heavy usage (including standby time). The screen at 4.5 inch with a 720p resolution gives a pixel density of 326ppi, outdoor visibility is good and the speakers are loud enough. 
 
Pros: 
1) Great Specs 
2) Android 4.4.2 
3) Great battery. 
4) Great Build. 
5) Great Display. 
6) Great sound. 
 
Cons: 
1) Avg camera quality but good for outdoor shooting and better than the 5MP shooter of the Indian brands. 
2) No expandable storage (But has OTG support, connects pendrives, mouse, keyboards and controllers.) 
 
Overall: 
There is no other device capable of such a performance. This device is a benchmark in the budget segment. Anyone moving to android OS should buy this. This is great for gaming, multitasking and performs everyday tasks with ease. 
Don't think much BUY IT!!Moto G (16 GB) - A Very Good Buy !.I ordered the phone on 12 Feb and got it on 27 Feb. It was in a pretty small package, comprising of nicely packed handset, headphone and charging cum PC connection cable. 
  The phone size prima facie looked small but its actually 98 mmX 56 mm...so, adequately big screen , yet easy to fit in pocket. 
 I had ordered a flip cover with back cover, as well. It fitted in quite nicely, but, only white colur was available , so I had no choice. But it's fine. 
 At 14000/- bucks, actually you are getting the best phone at least price, when compared with any equivalent phone from Nokia, LG or Samsung with similar specifications..And don't forget, it's got Android kitkat and shall get future upgrades, as well. 
 As I started set up, it took around 1 hour plus to set up including the software upgrade to Android 4.4.2 version... That's gr8. But, please ensure, you have a working wi fi connection available before you set up the phone, because, it will just fetch lots of data thru internet, and may be a huge cost on mobile internet. 
 The feel of the fone and and screen quality is very good. In fact, you get exactly the same stuff as u see given on Flipkart site.. Conclusively, as on date, it's best buy for its cost versus facilities it has.MOTO G.First, thank you Flipkart for your good service. 
 
PROS: 
&gt; Great, crisp and clear screen. 
&gt; Update to Android Kitkat is available 
&gt; Smooth and fast performance so far. Have installed Facebook, Whatsapp, Skype and several messengers, and updated all the apps and no lag at all. Haven't tried any heavy games though, so I can't comment on that. 
&gt; Very smooth back, feels great in the hand during regular use. 
&gt; Easy to use with one hand, even with extended use. 
&gt; Integrated Google Now service. 
&gt; Amazing value for money 
&gt; Camera and Video quality seems to be quite good at first glance. I'm satisfied with the quality of images and videos. 
&gt; Great sound output 
 
Haven't tried out the dual SIM yet - cut my old Sim down to a Micro Sim and was able to insert it without much hassle. 
 
CONS: 
&gt; No USB cable shipped with device 
 
Since the USB cable thing is important to me, I rate this phone 9/10. It's an amazing product and its performance is absolutely unmatched in this price range. Awesome value for money.Unbeatable for this price.Android phones are available in wide price range, from variety of OEMs. Problem is, if your budget is tight, you've to compromise on quality and/or features or go for off-stream brands. 
 
So if your budget is around 15k, you can buy absolutely ridiculous phones from main-stream vendors like Samsung, HTC, LG. Or if you're not too brand sensitive, you can go for brands like Micromax, XOLO and you'll get much decent phones. 
 
Or, you can buy a Motorola phone with (almost) no compromises :) 
 
So here's an honest review : 
 
Pros: 
- Great build quality. The default black back comes with a matte finish and it feels nice. The slight curve and the M dimple at the back makes it fit nicely in hand 
- Unexpectedly loud and clear speaker. 
- Unlike international versions, the box includes charger adapter and a (cheap) headset 
- Superior display. Period. 
- KitKat 4.4.2 - Give me one good phone with this price tag which runs KitKat. Also, since yesterday you can also install Google launcher. Pure Nexus like experience 
- Good sound quality. With a good pair of headphones, you'll get very good sound quality. Equalizer settings are actually useful 
- Choice of covers : They're costly. And they don't have that supreme matte finish that the default black one has (they are matte, but do not feel as premium as the black one) Although I got it for 70% off 
- Battery backup : well it seriously rocks. Smartphones are dumb nowadays only because of their dumb batteries. Motorola knows their batteries. 
- The whole UI is responsive. Not as snappy as Nexus, or HTC One, but good enough. 1.2 Quad core + 1 GB Ram is a decent enough engine that runs everything you throw at it. If you're upgrading from Galaxy duos and other low-end devices, you'll rejoice. 
- 50GB Google Drive space for 2 years. Do you really fall for something like that? I wouldn't. Considering the speed, cost and overall spread of internet connectivity we have in India. 
- Pure android, most likely to get updates. Even after KitKat. 
Cons : 
- Considerable low quality of voice in calls. Sometime or the other you will realize that something is wrong with the voice quality if you have a keen ear. But you can live with it. It is not that bad. 
- Running Pure Android, you miss the quick toggles for Wi-Fi and other settings. There are tiles, but again, clicking on them takes you to the settings page. While long clicks for some work as toggle. 
- It's not a con, more of a joke actually :P There's Motorola care/support app in the phone. So once I happened to ask live chat assistant for something and he/she replied that this live support is US only. 
- No MicroSD card, No NFC, No HDMI out, OK-ish camera. But then do you really expect these in a less than 14k phone??. 8GB or 16GB is good enough for most. 
 
So verdict 
Don't want to touch 20k range, but want a good main stream OEM's smartphone, this is the one. You don't care about the brand but want to stick to budget, still this is the one. 
 
I bought one, and you know what, I could even buy another one :PNo compromises made my Moto to reach this price point..Being a previous HTC user (HTC One V), I was expecting this phone to have some compromises with the build quality, or the color reproduction of screen or something else. The spec provided for price just didnt make sense. 
 
But when this phone arrived and I took it in my hand, it was clear that it didn't feel like a cheap phone at all (I could say the build quality is very similar to my old Dell XCD 35). The Kit-Kat update makes this phone really snappy, I compared it with Nexus 5 in one hand and this one in other, now obviously it couldn't beat it, but it was lets say, just 0.1 or 0.2 seconds late in opening all the applications, now this phone may not appeal for the hardcore Android gamers (Seriously? you play games on android and call yourself a 'hard-core' android gamer? I have a gaming PC and I think its much better to play actual video games on it), but for those who want to have multiple apps open or browsing many tabs of resource heavy pages, this phone is the one. The screen makes web browsing and reading a real pleasure (and seriously, in terms of clarity, you'll only notice Nexus 5 screen to be clearer if you touch your nose to both screens and observe). 
 
Some points I'd like to mention: 
1. Build quality: GREAT but not as good as my HTC phone with aluminum body. 
2. Screen: AMAZING, but still whites and the colors of the Super LCD 2 on my HTC were better 
3. Camera: Back cam: GOOD (obviously cant beat HTC ImageSense), front cam, AWESOME for the price, Sony Xperia SP has 0.3 MP front camera and that really sucks in front of this, and that phone costs Rs. 22,000. Video quality is very poor in low light. Camera doesnt bother me though. 
4. This phone is likely to get a LOT of unofficial support on XDA forums and will get a LOT of custom ROMs as this has become very popular (Theres already automated tools which let you do rooting and other stuff with few clicks) 
5. I think the Charger that came with this phone costs around Rs. 50 (gets the work done though), and the earbuds cost rs. 40 (TERRIBLE quality). But not a problem at all since everyone has chargers and headsets from their previous phones, right? and the Moto G doesnt even come with accessories outside of India. 
6. I also observe some bleeding on the edges of the screen, doesn't give it a rich feel. 
7. Flash is REALLY bright, brighter than my One V, which had brighter flash than iPhone 5 
 
This is the BEST phone forAwesome phone.Had ordered this on the launch day -6th feb, initially the shipping time was mentioned as 4-5 days, after an hour i got an sms saying that the shipping time has been extended by 7-10 days,i never expected such poor delivery mgmt from flipkart 
On 6th night i got another sms saying that my phone has been shipped and will be delivered on 7th by evening, atlast Flipkart stuck to it's original delivery schedule ! I got the phone on 7th evening itself, still waiting for the back cover ordered thru offer. 
 
Talking about the phone, the experience is just awesome, for 14K it really feels like a high end phone when u use it. 
Pros: 
1. Superb display and touch response. 
2. No lags when using it or playing games ( tested with subway surfers and temple run 2) 
3. Good battery backup. 
4. Very good voice call clarity both incoming and outgoing. 
5. Looks 
6. Guaranteed update to Kitkat 4.4 
7. Good music output thru earphones. 
 
Cons: 
1. Average camera. 
2. No SD card slot. ( this is not a gr8 limiting factor - 16GB inbuilt storage is quite decent). 
 
Hope this review helps in making u'r decision about Moto G.&quot;The&quot; Phone For India.Okay, The Short intro:- 
A good phone, vibrant display, power and features with guaranteed updates. All you can ask for a price of 12499 and add 16 gigabytes of internals to boast of for another 1500. butter. 
 
The Detailed review:- 
 
Display:- 
Amazingly vibrant HD display with a very good color reproduction and an extreme delight to watch. Feels just awesome. There may be a dead pixel in the top left corner, just ignore that its a software error. 
 
Touch:- 
Amazingly smooth. Never had to struggle with it for anything. The oleo-phobic coating just makes a good product even better. Add gorilla glass 3 and it just rocks. 
 
Processor:- 
An old snapdragon 400 clocked at 1.2Ghz having a core count of 4. Just remember, it was the top chip when it was launched. So now it still holds its grounds. Blows The Xperia L's dual core s4 straight out of the water. Just dont compare it with the Nvidia's Tegra 3 on Xolo Play. Benchmarks are pretty good. 
 
Graphics:- 
The Adreno 305 Gets the job done reasonably well for a phone in this budget. The Big games Lag and it is a ram issue. 
 
RAM:- 
These guys could have done better. 1GB is what is required for a phone with the os, whatsapp and one single good game. The Ultra high games run smoothly on the Grand 2 but not on this due to lack of RAM. 
 
Camera:- 
The point which according to me was sacrificed in favor of a low price tag. Not So Bad. But still we can expect a better one on this front. it a standaard 5Mpx shooter with AF. 
 
Software:- 
Dont know about the others but i got kitkat out of the box. 
Amazing, pure nexus feel. 
Just get a notification toggle from the playstore and you are good to go. 
 
OTG:- 
Awesome feature. It is not broken for me. Pendrives attatch quite well i have tried a sony hard disk witrh external power source and found it to work. It was a 1TB unit. 
 
Build:- 
Awesome. The weight feels good and not over in the hands. Its not cheap plastic like samsung. Amazing. 
 
Comparable Phones:- 
Lumia 525-Want free games and windows, go for it. 
Xperia L- Awesome camera. 
Xolo q1100- again the camera. 
xolo play- A much better CPU and GPU. 
 
Verdict:- 
The best overall phone in the price range, just go for it.Its Fast very well designed and fits well in the hand..This is my review after the first week of use. 
 
I am coming to Android for the first time in my life. I was using iPhone before this. The transition was not so difficult as I thought. 
 
The Moto G is very fast and the touch is very responsive. So no lags there. The Display is very very good. A lot of people came over and had the same view about the display (who have been in the Smart phone fraternity for a long time). The sound is clear and the network fast. 
 
I ma getting almost one and a half day of battery with the regular stuffs going on like whatsapp, FB, twitter, some phone calls, some messaging and a lot of synching for the TOI and the new app. 
 
Maybe its Kit Kat feature, but loving the option to cancel the call and auto send the message. Happy with &quot;Google Now&quot; also. 
 
Camera App is fast and love the fact that you can take photo even when the phone is locked. (You cant browse the Gallery - how sensible is that :-) ) 
 
Love the Motorola Apps - Moto Assist and Moto Migrate (make life easy when planning to shift data from Apple of other Android mobiles). 
 
Cons that I feel: 
1) No SD Card support (I am not so much into Songs so I guess that doesnt matter to me, photos will take some time before they bloat the space) 
 
2) Camera is not that great, though your shots will look good thanks to the bright display. 
 
3) Charging takes a LOT of time (it could be an issue with the plug point but I am experiencing this) 
 
4) Vibrate mode is not so strong.INDEED A GREAT PHONE!!!.I was lucky enough to grab one on the launch day. The phone arrived on 9th Feb 2014  2 days in advance, thanks to flipkart. 
Review on MOTO G- 
1) Great built, the best in its class, not like a samsung phone with plastic feel. The phone is Rock Solid! with amazing finish. and gorilla glass feel makes it look premium. 
2)The screen display at 329ppi is awesome. better than most android phone within 25K range. 
3)The android experience is again amazing with less RAM occupied and a great gaming experience. 
4)The phone is lightining fast! 
5) The front camera is great! 
 
The only issue is with the main camera, its decent enough for its class but we could have expected just a bit more. Moreover, the accessories included especially for the Indian customers are very cheap chinese make. But MOTO had to give the wall mounted charger and a headphone for India and they just gave it, i would have not mind paying 500 more to get a great charger and a headphone. 
 
Over all a great product, you would feel grand by owning one and would love to flaunt it. Simply best in class. I would say, the only phone you should buy in this range.  Google has done a marvelous job! 
MOTO G Rocks!An incredible phone at an amazing price point.If you are in the market for a smartphone, look no further. The Moto G has the right price points for it to be the smart person's choice for an entry level smartphone. You certainly don't have to take my word for it, check out engadget's review, expertreviews's review, thinkdigit's alternatives to Moto G, and pricebaba's comparison of the Moto G with the Iphone 4S. All of these point to the fact that the Moto G is a smart choice. 
 
Bought two of these and I am really happy. I was wow'ed by Flipkart's service by delivering it even on a Sunday. I have used the it for two weeks now, and I am very happy with the Moto G. 
 
If you want a cover, here's the best imho. It makes it completely shock, drop &amp; dust-proof. Now if only it was waterproof as well :P. I also like the fact it has a lanyard loop. Google aegis case for Moto G. 
 
The only downside to the Moto G is that there is no provision for expanding the memory :( Also after updating to KitKat, the phone's starts acting up :O, so unless you want to root (there goes your warranty), you've gotta be satisfied with Jelly Beans :|.MOTO G- Welcome back MOTO.WooooHoo...Ordered my MOTO G 8 GB . clicked on COMBO offer with flip cover . Got the discount as well.Most important flip cover is magnetic and hold against the screen. U are getting a American quality case, also got my favorite color :) 
 
Back to MOTO after my first mobile :). 
 
Guys, go for it , it's mobile from MOTOROLA, the first mobile manufacture company in the world, we are not talking about any Chinese mob manufacturer. They have came in INDIA again with the so promising mobiles,its gud to go. 
 
It is best in its class, compare it with any mobile in this range. 
 
The Moto G can be upgraded to Android 4.4 Kitkat from Android v4.3 (Jelly Bean) 
Corning Gorilla Glass 3 
Bluetooth V4 
Sensors-Proximity Sensor, Ambient Light Sensor, Hall Effect Sensor, Accelerometer, Magnetometer 
The Quad Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Processor not 1.2 GHz, Dual Core so gud hardware as well 
Dedicated Graphics-Adreno 305, 450 MHz Single Core, that you will not find in most of the mob costing below 18,000 
 
So very big features in very nominal cost with the BRAND MOTOROLA,waiting to get delivered :) :)MotoG - Superb.Purchased MotoG Black 16GB from Flipkart...ordered on 12th March..received on 13th March through One-Day-Guarantee...good packing by Flipkart...Great !! 
 
About the product-- 
 
Pros 
1. Came with Kitkat 4.4.2 out of the box. 
2. All pre-installed apps were already updated. Hence, ready to use immediately. 
3. Kitkat really works fast...from boot up to mutli-tasking. 
4. UI is pretty smooth but stock android..not much customization. 
5. Will be getting latest android updates..is a big plus. 
6. Good resolution..easy to hold &amp; grip. 
7. Dual SIM... I suppose is need of today..it works well here. 
 
Cons 
1. Battery on the weaker side..non-removable..though it lasts just about one day..with normal usage. 
2. Available storage is 11 GB only with no SD card support. 
3. Camera is average in day light...not so good in low light. 
4. Should have 2 GB RAM especially for gaming. 
5. Screen size is not suitable for gaming or video playback (should have been 5 inches at least). 
6. Heats up slightly while charging. 
 
Overall a good deal at 13,999 /-. I would recommend it for people interested in voice calls (using 2 SIMs) &amp; messaging, checking mails, little bit of browsing..and very less gaming &amp; photography. 
 
P.S. - Recent exchange offer of 2K for old phone is a good offer from Flipkart.Brilliant Phone!! A beast from the Giant Companies Motorola and Google..Selected this phone with lot of reading from internet and with comparison alongside models from well established brands such as Sony, Samsung, LG etc 
Got this phone at the end of February after a long wait of twelve days. 
Had been using this since then continuously, with amazing performance and features without any problem. 
 
My Experience: 
 
Display: 
Brilliant display with HD resolution, was able to make its primary mark! 
Super fine quality with images and text. Was able to read the possible smallest text without blurs and fog. 
HD videos were beautiful to watch without any flickering from any angle. 
GPU and the higher ppi ensured the clarity and smoothness in videos and games(Temple run and racing game). 
 
Performance: 
Really fast and rapid interaction with the device and access to the applications. 
Powerful Quad core processor and the GPU is more than enough along with 1GB RAM. 
Voice clarity is awesome while talking on phone. 
 
Battery: 
Used the fully charged battery for entire day(nearly 24 hrs) with few calls and few hours of internet usage ( app download/installation and chatting along side with Hangout and WhatsApp ), plus an hour of FM radio. 
 
Softwares: 
Google's entire set of applications is really cool. 
Got the Kitkat update which added to smoothness and rich feel. 
 
Camera: 
Main camera quality is quite good( little weak in darkness). 
Front camera is ok when tested with skype. 
 
Appearance: 
Impressive black with easy to carry/grip curvy back. 
Nice usability due to the both volume and power switches on one side. 
Light notification adds a plus to feature and appearance. 
The 'M' mark at the rear really makes an impression. 
 
No Con's: 
Heard lot about the fixed storage but after installing all my necessary applications, games, audio/videos and Kitkat update i still have around 9GB free( I have the 16GB version). 
What would i do with the removed battery ( Motorola ensures safeguards against water ). 
4G? look at the price i am paying! 
Its not that heavy 
 
Flipkart: 
Good service by Flipkart, got well packed set. 
 
Price: 
Yes! its really a value for money. To digest this a lot of reading and comparison is needed. 
 
Brand: 
Quality/Service queries fall to rest with the brand Motorola a Google Company!! 
 
Satisfaction: 
I am 100% satisfied with Moto G. 
 
Recommendation: 
I would really like to suggest this product for everybody who needs a smartphone for a affordable price. 
Guys go for it, its just awesome!!!Poor man's Nexus, but I'm a happy poor man :).Cons. 
(Yes. I'll start with Cons.) 
 
1. Known issue of android 4.3 on Moto G. Unable to connect to EAP secured wifi networks. 
Usually configured in offices. It's the one where you have to provide username and pwd credentials. Works fine on normal WEP/WPA secured wifi though. 
(Update: Was able to connect to EAP, just needed to add the SSID, i.e. wifi name manually, and put other settings like login username and password manually, with TLS security setting) 
 
2. I didn't update to 4.4, because there is another known issue of USB on the Go incompatible with KitKat. It needs a paid app to unlock it, although it works fine in 4.3 
 
3. Feels a bit heavy.143g is a tad bit more than I'd like. Even heavier than larger Nexus phones and Moto X. Something I'll have to get used to. 
 
Pros 
 
0. Yes, it's worth it. Considering that smartphone specs keep changing so quickly nowadays. I'd rather buy such phones every 2 yrs than getting a flagship every 4yrs. 
 
1. Beats other mid range android phones, hands down. No bloatware, pure google experience. Slick performance. 
 
2. Very ergonomic. I never really could make a switch from my Xperia Arc, because most decent droids nowadays are not very handy, too big for palms and always give me the unease that I'll drop them. But this has a nice matte back cover and well designed bezels, making it very handy. 
 
3. Display is amazing. It's not just the clarity of pixels but also there is no color hue whatsoever, typically seen in Samsung phones. 
 
4. Although camera seems it's weak point on spec sheet, it has a strong flash and takes pretty good night pics. But don't expect it to replace your digicam. The camera app, is one of the best out there. Manual focus is a welcome feature. 
 
5. Battery performance is pretty good so far. Usually when you get a new phone, you tend to fiddle more with it and it drains juice, despite that I drained just 40% throughout the day. I am sure that in normal usage it can last well over 2 days. 
 
P.S. Thanks Flipkart for delivering within 10 days! I was expecting a longer wait, given the unprecedented demand. Btw. ordered on 8th, recvd. on 18th.Best Budget Phone for the would be Gamer on the go..First of all I must commend flipkart for their exceptional service in delivering the product in just under 24 hours, I'd placed the order on Tuesday Evening around 5'ish and I received the phone the following day by 3pm. BRAVO!!!! I've been trying to get a hold of this phone for weeks now, the bloody thing's selling like Hot cakes on a winter morning. 
 
Now the phone, please note that this phone comes bundled with a Standard charger and not a USB charger and a pair of headphones. It would be wise for you to hold onto your usb cables. 
 
Now I treat my phone as a hand held gaming device more often than not, playing games like Heroes of Order an Chaos(Smart phone version of DotA, League of Legends), Asphalt 8, Injustice and I must say that this phone Shocked me in terms of handling those games. It handled them brilliantly. 
 
Games like Nova 3, Modern Combat 4 also handle splendidly and for those multiplayer Junkies Shadowgun Deadzone Handles Marvelously as well. 
 
This review was aimed more at people looking to get a good budget gaming phone and I can testify that this phone is Splendid and worth Every penny. People who doubt that this phone isn't worth it because of a memory cap of 16GB people, this phone supports USB OTG, you can easily bag a 16-32 GB USB OTG Pendrive for anywhere between at least 700-1.2k respectively depending on the brand. 
 
Bear in mind that things handle well, &amp; that this is not a high end flagship device but a well built mid end device which does most of your usual tasks and more. 
 
Hats off to Flipkart bagging the rights to this phone. This might just be their best decision yet. You've made me an Extremely Happy Customer. Salute.The Insanely Priced, Revolutionary Mid-Ranger.The screen of MOTO G isn't huge which makes it easy for one handed use and it is crisp, has good contrast ratio, there isn't much storage options on the 16 model as it is not expandable, However if you are not going to store or watch movies, then is good enough. The camera is nothing to get excited about, but in every other respect this is the best value for money smartphone ever. It's well-built, with a high-quality display, fast enough not to bother even us, and has a good battery life. 
 
It's easily the best budget smartphone we've ever seen, redefining what we mean by that term. It's largely equivalent to the Sony Xperia SP, which is quicker in benchmarks, but not noticeably in day-to-day use, but has less battery life and only Android 4.1. It cost around Rs. 20,000/-. The Moto G is a Steal 
 
The Motorola Moto G single-handedly says goodbye to compromised, sluggish budget smartphone and potentially kills off the mid-range competition too. Simply put, if you're not buying a top-end handset, then the Moto G is the obvious choice.Just go for it!!.I have been using this phone from the past 3 weeks. For me usability and reliability are high on requirement and I'm sure that is what most people look for in a phone and to that cause the Moto G is simply superb. The build quality and looks truly impressed me. Display is crisp. Got the 4.4.2 update. Had no issues with network failures after update as some users experienced. It holds on to network. Camera performance is good for an &quot;average&quot; user. You get 12.92 GB for storing your files and for me that is more than enough. Battery will last for a day with 3G on coupled with constant emails Whatsapp BBM casual gaming and calls for about an hour. Played a lot of games without any lag. So far I have experienced no issues whatsoever. It excels in everything that it is meant to do. I feel there is no other phone except the Nexus 5 that I will want to compare with G as they won't provide pure andriod experience. Comparing it with the Nexus 5. I can say that it's a mini N5 or a poor man's N5. In day to day usage apart from the lighting fast performance there's nothing much to differ. I personally got the G over N5 for one hand usability and the robust nature of the G. N5 feels truly fragile and I'm sure one fall is all that will take to make you regret spending so much. Moto G feels build to last. A friend of mine stepped on it while at the gym and was unaware of it for a minute or so and still the G was rock solid in coping with the 70 odd kg of his weight. I'm sure it will get further updates too. Truly worth every hard penny that you spend on this. Lastly thanks to Flipkart for their service. They were kind enough to even provide me the address of the nearest Moto service centre along with the phone which was delivered in a good packaging.Do not buy MOTO G , the service centers not help us.... i want my replacement or money back.I have booked moto g in 8th Feb. 2014 for advance booking from flipkart and received after 10 days....(estimate delivery 10 to 20 days). Good service from Flipkart and good packaging. 
 
Moto G is unique mobile device, its awesome...... No lagging , smooth touch experience and 
Corning gorilla glass...... its really worth of the money... 
 
 
Hi all, 
i have noticed that the front facing camera not working at all after i try to use SKYPE video calling for moto g. then i go to motorola authorised service center in thane, they not able to troublshoot this issue. factory reset the mobile but issue not solved.They told me you will get replacement from flipkart only, this is the hardware problem. 
 
i contact flipkart costomer service they told me you get a call between 24 hours from technical expert from flipkart and they told you this moto g mobile replace or not. 
They also told me we have 30 days replacement policy but i want hand to hand replacement if this is not possible so return my money back.GO FOR IT.......Up until now, with exception to the startac, I have hated Motorola phones since I started using them.awkward complicated software and worse batteries on any phone ever, then I got MOTO G and it is one of the best phones I have ever had!!! Awesome quality camera, very quick quad core processor, nice lous speaker, decent secondary camera and looks great. Not had any issues so far, and the battery is awesome. It will go 3 days with moderate to heavy use on WiFi and 3G, with just one half hour charge in between. Android KitKat is cool too (apart from the changes to music player, not so keen on that) overall I would say this phone is better quality built and value than some phones I have seen going fo double or triple the price. The only let down (if you can even call it a letdown) is no expandable memory, but seeing as I only have about a gig of music on there that isn't even a problem. No wall charger included, just a USB cable but even that not a problem as I have a few spares. 
 
Highly recommend this phone to anyone!!!!Good one!!.I was looking for the following: 
1. Good display having good resolution and good color reproduction 
2. Should be able to play games flawlessly 
3. Big enough and at the same time good enough to keep in one hand and inpocket 
4. Good battery backup 
5. Quality device (I wanted a brand which i can trust) 
6. Good value for money 
 
Hmm..... Have been googling for past few weeks and ended in Moto G!! 
I am now happy with the decision and all my requirements appear to be met. Currently am in love with the device.. :) 
 
For gaming freaks like me ;), here is the list of games which are working on moto G: 
1) Modern Combat 4 - Working 
2) Real Racing 3 - Working 
3) The Dark Knight Rises - Lagging 
4) Dead Trigger 2 - Working 
5) Horn - Working 
6) Asphalt 8 - Working 
7) Shadowgun: Deadzone - Working 
8) Grand Theft Auto 3 - Working 
9) RipTide GP2 - Working 
10) Dungeon Hunter 4 - Working 
11) Iron Man 3 - Working 
12) Injustice : Gods Among Us - Working 
13) GTA Vice City : Working 
14) FIFA 14 : Working 
15) NFS Most Wanted: Working 
16) N.O.V.A. 3: Working (fps drops during combat) 
 
All the best!!bang for the money.best device available at the price beating all those craps available in the slot (under 20000). 
 
now talking about various aspects of the device : 
 
screen : 
 beautiful colors ,rather true colors ,perfect viewing angles ,also visibility in direct  sunlight great.  10/10 
 
performance : 
so far excellent tried some games which it played without any lag*(virtual tennis ,dead trigger,subway surfers,sonic dash,minion rush etc.) 
 open nearly all of the games at the same instant but the phone didn't fail/lag 
i want also add one sudden hang of the phone which really took me with a shock yesterday while playing virtual tennis the phone suddenly stopped responding (really annoying ) finally i had to restart the phone 
 
camera : 
much better than expectation powerful flash does a good job in complete darkness... 
but the frame rate of the video captured is not constant i.e. it varies in various light condition (15,42,30fps....) 
 
final verdict about phone: 
 
guys why waiting go for it though there are some software issues(easily ignorable) but these things are normal sometimes even found on flagship devices remember some bugs of iphone 5....... will be fixed soon by company....Thumbs-Up to MOTO-G and for flipkart as well..I am shopping with Flipkart for more then 2 years now, and I am very much satisfied. 
just once I got a damaged charger with an Xperia but these guys refunded my money back in no time. 
This time I ordered Moto-g and got the delivery the very next day, but believe me guys that one day was like a month for me because of my excitement :) I called-up the delivery guy more then ten times even when he assured me that he is gonna deliver it to me before 8 O'clock in the night, which he did. So a big thanks to him as well. 
  
Now coming back to phone, I am now using it for last 2 weeks and its awesome. Its my second Motorola(android) device. I got the phone with updated version(kitkat 4.4.2), So I was even happier and after that I got few updates on apps while connecting my motoG with my WiFi. Phone feels very nice and comfortable in hand and due to its full black colour and as most of the phone's front body is covered by its display, it looks sexy. 
 display is amazing, processor responds well with no lags, very speedy device and the best part is its music. You need to trust me on this that it sounds better then iPhone and blackberry(and I have used both the device previously). coming to its camera quality its pretty decent though its just 5MP(better then 10-15MP of other devices like Micromax,lava,karbon,Gionee etc). It takes very crisp images in Outdoor and even the flash response is good in indoors (I tested both the conditions in water park and in nightclub ). Now about its battery I would say charge it in the night while you sleep and it will last the whole day(I am using this as my primary phone with approx 1and half hour of voice calls, almost same time on music and normal browsing on 2g for abt 5-6 hours and 2-3 hours on WiFi) I hardly play games on phone while I am out So no Idea about its backup but it runs Asphalt 8, Real Racing 3,FIFA 14,NOVA 3,GTA Vice City and NFS Most Wanted with no complaints till now. 
So guys If you are planning to buy a smartphone then I recommend MOTO-G, because others will just be a pinch to your pocket unless its an iPhone. So get it and impress your friends and colleagues who I am sure is having almost the same looking phone :)Met my expectations.Got my Moto G in Bengaluru much ahead of the expected date of delivery - great job, Flipkart (was disappointed with my previous experiences with flipkart, this time you made me forget those). 
Moto G looks super cool - Big screen, yet handy. 
I had read in many places &quot;it has got only an average camera, but still it is ok for that price&quot;. I feel it is much better than what we can get for 14k. 
 
Things that could've been improved: 
Provide a screen guard along with the box - the one that was already placed on the mobile's screen has some print. Although that print goes off in some days, Google could've planned to provide an extra screen guard (like Sony does) 
Provide a data cable or at least a charger which can be used as a mobile charger and as a data cable 
Provide an ear phone whose ends get inside ears deeper for better sound effect 
 
Read in many places that if you upgrade to Kitkat, USB OTG won't work. Yes, Google didn't claim anything about USB OTG so we can't treat it as a bug. Still, it would be great if whoever is owning Moto provides patch for this problem. 
 
Overall, I'm happy with it. Hopefully both the SIM slots work, I will try tomorrow.One of the best buys of my life..First of all i would like to praise flipkart for the delivery. The product reached 2 days in advance. 
Now as for the phone, i would like to mention that it stands as one of the best buys of my life till date.This happens to be so for the following reasons-: 
-Battery backup is far more than expected. All day battery back up statement stood true in my case as even after using it the whole day i find more than 30% battery is still remaining. 
-Display quality is really good at the given price tag(which indeed is low in comparison to phones on offer in the market) 
-Camera is decent enough and is suited to my requirements. So no complains. 
-No lag in game play which is a big plus for me. Played games like subway surfer and temple run and game play was smooth. 
-Kit Kat is a bonus at this price. How many phones are there in the market at any price slab which give you the latest android software? 
-Looks are just awesome. Feels good to hold too.. 
-The cash back offer by Axis bank serves to be the icing on the cake. 12.6K is a fabulous deal indeed. 
All this is from what i experienced within a week of usage. I hope the experience is the same for the times to come.Excellent Phone and Worth every penny...I had been using this for a few days now and i would like to give 5 Star's for this product. I actually bought this product with a day shipping and it just reached me within 24 hours :) thanks to flipkart for such an awesome service. Now about the product.. 
 
1. Its a great value for money. I bought a 16 Gig version which was 14K. 
2. It has a quadcore processor with 1 GB ram which is more than enough for emails, browsing, Facebook and Music. Not that great for heavy games though. 
3. The form factor is very sexy, very handy and looks very premium. 
4. The battery for more than a average use lasts for about 30 Hours. 
5. There is no data cable in the box and you have buy one separately. 
6. The display at 325PPI is awesome and the screen is very readable even in bright sunlight. 
7. Buy this phone with original back covers, they are awesome too. 
 
Overall very nice and excellent product, does not look cheap, comes with Dual Sim and everything in this phone is just AWESOME. worth spending.Perfect Phone.Hi All, 
 
I have been using Moto G for 2 weeks and here is my feedback (My Last phone was Nokia E5)- 
 
Great Performance - No lagging or hanging problem at all. I have configured 5 Mailboxes, Frequently use Facebook, WhatsApp, Candy Crush etc and all run smoothly even on 2G. 
 
Good Battery Life - I have to charge only once in 24 hours. I would rate my usage level as 3.5/5. 
 
Pure Android - The strongest feature of this phone. Your phone will be revived as soon as newer version of android is launched. After this you will get this feature in Nexus series which would cost you 30k. 
 
Good Design - Phone looks premium and is far slimmer than it appears in Pics. Could be slightly lighther but weight will not bother you at all. Rubber finished back panel helps holding the phone with tight grip and appears great as well. 
 
Screen Size - 4.5&quot; Screen size is good. Phone is easy to operate with one hand. Easy to carry in pocket and you dont have to hold it in hand all the time. Moreover, It does not appear small at all. 
 
Camera - Camera quality is average. If you want to use your phone as a camera when you go on a holiday, then this is not for you. Otherwise for normal usage, camera is good. 
 
Display - Display quality is superb. You will get sharp and crystal clear display. 
 
Headphones - Headphones are not that good. If you often use Headphones say during travel or study, then you might need to buy a new set of headphones. 
 
I strongly feel that this is the best android phone in this price range. Go for it!!Kejriwal of smartphones is finally here... a phone for the aam aadmi.Ok I shall limit the narrow bit of my political knowledge to the title of the review and dig straight into the the handset. First, brilliant service by flipkart. I was among the few who cud book the mobile on Feb 6th (around 12:30pm).I got the delivery on 8th Feb (1:00pm). Brilliant as always flipkart. The package is well done by Flipkart and it was a lil tiering exercise to get rid of it, but all good if it keeps my device safe. Most of you must have seen the Moto G box in reviews but until you see it urself you won't believe how compact it is (kinda like it). No major fuss in the box, headsets and wall charger and the majestic black beast Moto G... The phone is really well built, looks premium, just about the perfect weight, fits in well.. Heres the tricky part.. I really struggled to get rid of the pre loaded thin flim on the Moto G screen.. maybe it was just me, but wud advice caution... Snaps were good, HDR mode helped and you wudnt mind it at the price offering (clicks wud be enuff for your social networks uploads, if any).. The sound on the phone was impressive although it did deteriorate at the highest volumes... Display is stunning as most would be knowing from the expert reviews). Text typing was great, I had absolutely no trouble while typing or using swipe feature.. Yes, the mobile is quick no real lags around ( I am not a heavy gamer so it may vary from user to user)... 
 
All in all its one of the best mobiles out there.. My only disappointment would be with the looks... I am not a big fan of curved mobiles... I was dearly hoping that other smartphones would take a leaf out of companies like OPPO (see their model Find 5).. I still put it as the best looking smartphone.. But, then maybe I am asking too much from a cell which is priced half of Oppo Find 5.. 
 
All in all, a worthy buy... Happy and content... 
(goes away singling along &quot; MOTO MOTO ... the names so nice you say it twice&quot; )Excellent phone for excellent price.While going for a new phone, very few options were there, as budget was tight for me and principle factor when buying a phone. 15K budget category has some very decent phone options like Moto G, Canvas 4 and Canvas turbo. So I narrowed it down to these 3 after some extensive research. 
 
Following points I considered for making a decision. 
 
- Budget wise Moto G 16 GB variant was working out cheapest, in comparison to other narrowed down models. I strictly did not wanted to go beyond 15K. 
 
- Having used LG Optimus black since lat 3 years, I was quite comfortable with 4 inch screen. And in my opinion 5 inch screen for me would an overkill. As I do not believe in handling a phone with 2 hands. both Canvas models have 5 inch screen, so here as well I leaned more towards Moto G. 
 
- Latest android was big factor. As My previous phone (LGP970) used to receive Latest OS updates in last, I wanted latest Android Out of the box. Both Canvas models were 4.2.1 at the time of purchase, and After March, Moto G models were having 4.4.2 out of the box. 
 
- From various reviews I could notice that, Processor, RAM and graphics chipset are better in above 2 Canvas models than Moto G. And Turbo wins the benchmarks on paper. My phone usage is moderate. I generally play games and do my office related stuff on my iPad when I am on the run. So performance was important for me, but here I could avoid Moto G falling behind in the benchmark race. ONLY because, from reviews, I could see that Moto G has pretty decent capabilities. And it's not at all that much behind from other contestants. Have played PVZ 2 on Moto G, which I suppose is a resource hogger game, and performance is decent, but not the best. But main point to notice here is performance in a phone which is in 15K budget category. For a moderate phone user, Moto G is definitely a speedy device, given it's hardware specs. Thanks to it's quad core processor, and dev support for it from various apps and OS. 
 
- Now comes the camera. 3 devices which I had narrowed it down, Canvas devices had more better camera than Moto G. Having said that, More MP does not necessarily mean better camera. My previous phone used to have 5 MP rear camera and 2MP front cam. It was performing decent. And I never believe in using a phone cam as a principle cam. So This factor also, did not bother me too much. But I would say that I have seen Canvas turbo's camera, and it's functionality, and it's picture quality. And It beats down Moto G's image quality hands down. And both Canvas models mentioned here has capability to record full HD videos (1900 X 1080), if that matters. Moto G does not have. 
 
- From reviews and after seeing both phones in action, Battery life, resolution are also factors where Moto G falls behind Canvas Turbo specially. Canvas Turbo is one phone which falls in 15K budget and has a full HD resolution. This was again a secondary factor, as factors like budget, phone size, and price wise performance were still primary factors for me. Though I would like to mention that, Moto G survives extensively moderate usage for 20-24 hours easily. 
 
- My previous phone (LGP970) had Corning Gorilla Glass 2, and I had never used screen guard with it. So My faith in Corning Gorilla Glass 3 was intact. Still using my phone without screen-guard, and I am not disappointing. Though If usage is rough, I would advise to use the screen guard for sure. 
 
- One major factor against this phone would be it's bulky. And buyer would not be able to check it out before buying it, because it exclusively available here at flipkart only. So if phone ergonomics are not suitable for any user, that will be an issue. 
 
So, at last after considering all this stuff, and after using the Moto G for at-least 3 weeks I am in position to say that I am not at all disappointed with my decision to purchase this phone. This phone is for users who have tight budget and want better but not-best performance specially in resource hogger games and app. But do not worry, it will play big games and big videos without sweat. And will not give any issue even if there are 5-6 tabs are open in browser. This phone is for users who want latest android out of the box (as of now). And it's for users who are not intimidated by big screen and best in class resolution as well as (not-best but good) camera. 
 
This phone is not for peeps who want a slick device with 5 inch full HD display in budget category of 15K. Those will be definitely happy with Canvas turbo. Overall performance wise and Phone design and ergonomics wise Canvas 4 beats Moto G (Not by that much, but still does). So if budget permits, and factors like Camera with 13MP rear cam/5MP front cam, better performance than Moto G, On-paper synthetic benchmarks, device weight, support for an Indian Mobile device company are concern than Canvas Turbo is better choice in that case. 
 
Hope this review is useful. And Thanks for reading.Amazing phone at an amazing price!!.I'am writing this review after using this phone for the last 2 days. 
I brought the 16 GB version of the phone. 
Honestly this is simply the best phone you can get under the 15k budget. 
I will recommend buying the 16 GB version until and unless you are on a very tight budget. 
Now my experience with the phone... 
+ The build quality is superb and solid. Simple yet elegant in appearance. 
+ The display is the best in its class. 
+ No signs of lag. I haven't played any games but install lots of apps and have been using them simultaneous and there is no performance degradation to be honest. 
+ Battery backup is good. Moderate usage will last 1 day quite easily. 
+ Picture quality is good but not the best for a 5 MP camera. But the flash is quite powerful I must say. 
+ Sound quality is great. 
Overall a great phone for the price, there is nothing disappointing about the phone. 
Its wroth every single penny. 
Flipkart is also providing the details of the nearest service centers around the shipping address so you don't have to worry in case you need to repair your phone. 
Now coming to the point about some the missing features of the phone which some people are complaining about like NFC, IR blaster.... 
To be honest you won't be missing these features because these are features which we hardly need for our daily usage now a days. Motorola has made every decision correct regarding which features to keep and which ones to drop out. 
If you really need these features with similar or better H/W specs as the Moto g from a good brand then you are looking for a 15k+ phone.Potentially mobile product of the year and express service as usual from FK.Probably I was one of the lucky few to be able to order this mobile+flip cover combo on the opening day . And as usual the delivery was express quick . Kudos to the team . Also I think with such high demand for this product the only other way to handle such a huge demand is by pre-booking . So all in all I think flipkart has done a decent job handling sales on the opening day . 
 
I probably would have stuck to my old un-brickable P990 , had I not seen the Moto G reviews . Coming to the product and why I got it . 
1) Its a Motorola and it is engineered quite well. I quite like the thought behind adding water resistant and fall resistant features . There are very few phones which have this amount of protection . 
2) You can classify this device as a Top of the line - Medium end device . Its a very decent performer , has decent features ,very well built and has a premium-ish touch to it ; though its a tad heavy . It hopefully should suffice alteast for the next 2 years especially with Kitkat being released . 
3) There is quite a bit of buzz in the developer community around this phone which should keep it alive even if it is dead officially after few years . My O2x was such an example . 
 
Coming to the cons 
1) The usual -&gt; no sdcard slot / removable battery . It guess battery was made non-removable for the water resitance . But sd slot would have been great to have . 
2) Miracast -&gt; This device has wifi direct .So miracast should have been doable IMHO . 
3) Bundled charger seems to be of quality by only 500Ma output . would be slow to charger . Would have been better if the charger cable was of detachable type . 
 
But then again I understand the price point.But as far as I am concerened ,I wouldn't have minded paying a little extra for the above :) 
 
Only time will tell about long term ownership , reliablilty and service . Especially with components like the battery . And I hope Lenovo does a good job of maintaining this GEM of a phone . Looks like Motorola having been sold to Lenovo has gone out with a BANG !! . Hope the light from the bang shines much longer.Sudden battery Discharge Issue.Hi, I have purchased Moto G 16GB thru Flipkart which was delivered to me on 5/4/14. I am using this phone from one month and it was working perfectly OK. Performance is Excellent. But today i have faced problem that phone battery got discharged suddenly from 90% to Zero and mobile got Switched OFF itself. After putting on charging it got charged fully from ZERO in just 1/2 hours which normally takes 3 hours at-least. While talking to customer care at 18001022344 , i got information that it happens as its Micro processor got off and re-starting as it takes large power from battery. As per them it will happen only once in life time of mobile that too only between initial 30-45 days of first start. They also told me that many other customers have complained for similar problem. As per Customer care Its Design related problem and Motorola observed this problem after launch only. When talking with customer care to replace my mobile i got answer that even new phone will also have same problem as their is no solution to this problem yet. They just give me verbal assurance that this problem wont repeat again and if repeat i have to again tell them and register the problem and it will be resolved. Its hard to believe that company like Motorola which has achieved 6 sigma level quality level can also have such big design failure in their very newly launched product. Before buying Moto G i was using Nokia E71 from 4 years and i was delighted with performance. I purchased Moto G just to upgrade myself to Android. It took more than 1 year for me choose good android phone. I side line all companies like Samsung, LG, Sony and purchased Motorola G but this problem had completely ruined brand image of Motorola from my mind. 
 
I am very worried if i would face same problem in future. 
 
Tajinder Jit SinghAwesome Phone.For a budget phone you get a steal here in terms of performance and battery life. Excellent speed and almost unadulterated android kitkat experience makes you go wow. I opted for one day delivery and have been using the phone since the last two days. 
I will highlight a few points for the potential future buyers of MOTO G:- 
 
1. The phone is lightning fast and excellent in terms of multitasking. You don't see a lag ever. 
 
2. You can play high end graphic games thanks to the adreno 350 gpu unit. I have been playing iron man 3,thor the dark world,six guns,fifa 14,minion rush without any lag. Mind you these games require very high performance phones and it doesn't get heat up a lot. 
 
3. You get the whole google apps package and 50 gb storage for 2 years on google drive. 
 
4. The screen is smooth and the touch quality superb and it feels very comfortable in hands. 
 
5. Battery life is also goo 
 
The only 2 things somewhat not good about this phone is limited memory and a bit small screen size. 
 
But hey, what more you expect in 14k(16gb). 
 
I would suggest go for it!! 
 
This is the best smartphone in market below 15k.yes..one of the Good phone under 15K as of feb 2014.boss..you have seen the specifications, what best you want from a phone.. 
well, all major pros n cons are as sane as mentioned by other users, In addition to all that 
&gt; the very first thing u will observe about phone is classy feel both front n back better than shown in DP, optimum breadth to hold it in ur hand.. 
 
&gt; Nice User Interface barring auto rotate interface 
 
&gt; superb ( Clear beats, Noise less, optimum loudness) sound quality(better than in my last phone HTC ONE X), fast net..mast video it plays..in short all best things you are getting 
 
&gt; though MOTO G doesn't comes with USB Cable n a good or user friendly ear phones. 
 
&gt; key decision making points could be : the best specification from one of the best brand, sleek , for sure this device gets you a good feel both looks wise and when you hold it Superb Camera works well in night mode too, Clear n comparable sound quality to I phones, 4.5 screen size is the best one, unlike typical 5 inches phone which you can get in tukkad MMX to all same Samsung, internet speed is better than you would be expectation.Service Sucks!.I have bought this phone and used it for a month, and it more than lives up to its expectations,there is no lag whatsoever and the look and feel is that of a premium quality phone. the only cons are non expandable storage(which really sucks) and the 5mp shooter which is ok considering the price of the phone, so verdict is its really worth the price 
 
Now coming to service, motorola has by far the shittiest service network set up, i dropped my phone and the display cracked (entirely my fault, it was from the second floor) and found the only motorola service centre in my city and gave the phone for service, its been a month now and every time i call the center they tell me with quite obvious vexation that they are yet to receive the spares necessary to undertake the repairs, and i don't blame them coz they quite obviously are freaking pissed off themselves. Motorolo!, no Google you've come out with two awesome phones that looks to get back your market share in android phones and you back that with this crappy service?? I mean what the fuck?, so to all you peeps out there buy the phone knowing that if you happen to damage it, you'll wait for a million years before they fix it for you.good device.hi everyone, writing this review straight from my moto g 16gb... 
gt delivered in a week only nd wat a device it is not proving to be...perfect!!! 
everyone has their lines of perfection but this mobile is much better in this price range... 
everybody writes about features BT I will tell u something else.. 
# very nice display, crisp and detailed 
#touch is perfect 
#multitasking running smoothly...thanks to the processor 
#KitKat seems lighter than its predecessor's and many added features 
# battery is good and lasting a day aid my 3g on full day and every now and than I peeping into my mails and ways app.. 
#as in business activity mails, browser, ways app r mostly used by me so battery is fine to this extent 
# nt a gamer so don't know what they seek for 
#camera is good, nt awesome BT slow motion feature is awesome, again I can prefer DSLR over mobile cams 
#face recognition unlock is what I liked 
#a Lil heavy phone BT dimensions are perfect to hold with non slippery back 
#overall look is good 
m a happy buyer and would suggest this to everyone...Jack of all, master of all.What a phone... Motorola Hats off to you for providing such a good phone in such a low price segment. Such a exceptional phone at its execptional price 
Coming to the strong and weak points:- 
 
Strong Points: 
1) 1.2 Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad Core Processor (high end performance with max. battery utilisation) 
2) Stock Android 4.4.2 Kitkat (Google's android best experience in such a low budget) 
3) Gorilla Glass 3 (only phone in this price segment to offer gorilla glass 3) 
4) 4.5&quot; 720p screen (better than 1080p screens of micromax, lava, karbonn, etc. and also it is perfectly &quot;ergonomic&quot; screen which means it just simply fits so easily and feels comfortable in your hands) 
5) 1 GB RAM (more than enough to handle multitasking environment) 
6) Adreno 305 GPU (without any lag it gives you opportunity to play high end games) 
7) Dual Sim (No need to carry 2 different phones) 
8) 50 GB free google drive space for 2 years (cloud is the future!!!) 
9) 2070 MAh battery (with mixed usage it gives you 24 hours of usage) 
10) 5 MP rear, 1.3 MP front camera (i don't know why people are saying that camera of Moto G is bad, but the truth is that its 5 MP is actually &quot;5 MP&quot; not like 8,10,13,15,20 MP of micromax like companies which's camera quality is too bad) 
11) Wifi, Bluetooth, 3G-2G, Micro USB, GPS, proximity, accelerometer, ambient light, hall effect,magnetometer sensors) 
 
Weak Points:- 
1) 16 GB mass storage with no expandable slot (it may sounds low to some people but for a user like me 16 GB is more enough) 
2) Non-removable battery (If you travel a lot and does not have the time to charging your phone, then this may be a pain for you, otherwise no problem a for a customer who resides only at a particular place) 
 
Verdict:- 
Look no further ahead, go and grab moto G. There's no other phone in this price point which can match the user experience on moto GMotorola rocks!!!.The very first manufacturer of portable telecommunication device has proved it again that its engineering is working very well and is set to make a mark once again. Thanks to the new #motog. 
Have been using this phone for 3 days now, my first andriod phone. I have been waiting for a true &quot;smart&quot; phone and this one fits the bill perfectly. There are phones for the classes and there are ones for the masses, this one is for the people who are looking for good andriod experience and make use of the phone for all kinds of purpose without worrying too much about the nice-ifs-and-buts. This one makes sense to me. 
Goods - 
1. Excellent display - have been using iPad and this one is no less than compared to it. 
2. The display size is just right enough to pack all the contents. iPhone 4 was a little short on this space. 
3. Touch experience is same as my iPad. 
4. Sound quality is hmmm .. acceptable, as compared to my iPad. 
5. &quot;Assist&quot; app makes a lot of sense. 
6. Performance - so far so good no sluggishness. 
7. Screen orientation is fast and as expected. 
8. The flip cover itself has a sort of grip so dont go for buying extra grip cover. 
9. The weight of the phone feels just right, chances of slipping off hands of people with short fingers is less. 
10. Batterry - I must say I am impressed. Lasts 1.5 days with buzzing activity (sans gaming). makes sense to me as I am more of a business user. 
11. Google now is a wow. Updates of your interest are pretty handy. 
12. Data usage reporting is very good and handy - per application consumption is a pretty cool feature. 
Not so goods - 
1. The sales package does not include a micro USB cable need to buy it extra :-(. 
2. Copy paste has to be learned and takes a bit of time to do so. 
3. Camera quality is ok for a 5 MP one, but I think moto could have done it a bit better. 
4. Opening the back cover is - ufff ... some task man !!! 
5. Cannot expand the memory - flip side - you have dropbox and 2 yrs free gdrive - will consume ur data plan bandwidth. 
6. A little sluggish when you switch between camera and any other app, but try blinking in between and you wont notice it ;-). 
 
Consluding verdit - 
Thumbs up !!! 
Value for money !!! 
For first-timer-andriods who are not mobile phone obsessed.Moto G orgeous.The more I'm using this device the more I'm falling in love wit.Build quality is next to none and so is the battery back up.I charged the battery for 6 hrs before using it.The screen is bright,has good black levels and Color Reproduction. Touch is great no lag experienced till now.The phones hardware is properly integrated with the software and it shows. 
 
A little bit of customization is required like disabling useless apps ,getting a file manager , a cleaner , the MX player pro etc etc and you are set. 
 
Coming to the sound quality it is on the attacking side slightly (lil less emotional) but without being bright, aggressive or too forward sounding but pretty detailed with reference buds like the Sleek Audio SA6 and Klipsch Custom 3.Testing it on my AKG 701/Sony MDR SA5000 is uncalled for here,since we all will be generally using earbuds.They have a lot of drive and can can drive even Reference Earbuds to its Comfort Zone,lots of current it has and yes it dosnt loose focus or breath.The sound quality is good open and airy and will suit mostly all genres. 
 
Now for gaming, games starting from DD2,MC4 to RR3 are crisp with graphic detail on screen and I didnt experience no lag at all except GTA SA, which is laggy on max settings only.So a Great device for the money. 
 
The Camera is pretty good with low light shots with the flash on,its not at all that bad as it is being made out be by some folks,its not DSLR good but heck why should it be.I would rate the camera very DECENT for the money.I'm yet come across a a 12.6K Android phone doing low light so good apart from the Windows based Lumias. 
 
Why not 5 stars ooh..I would have loved if the screen was 5inch and 1080p,and the camera a bit faster in focussing and lees noisy without flash! Nitpicking? Hell Yes!!! Thats a lot to ask at this price. 
 
As usual forced by habit, Flipkarts delivery was amazing!!! Shine On guys.Best smartphone ever made at this price tag!.This is my 1st prouct from flipkart. Being 'Out Of Stock', it was delivered to my door step in 5 days though Banglore is very far from my homeplace. So thanks to flipkart for this. Now coming to the product... I was using Micromax Canvas HD before this, it also had 1gb RAM and 1.2ghz quad-core processor. but after using MOTO G I understood the difference between SNAPDRAGON and MEDIATECH. It is far better than Canvas HD.. It can handle more apps than it.. and without any lag. The RAM is always 500+ MB used.. but it does not have any effect on it's performance. You can easily play heavy games like Dead Trigger without any Lag. The Sound quality is too awesome.. It is very loud and damn clear.The Screen is really very clear and stylish. It is so smooth and shiny that you can see your face in it! the resolution of screen is superb and due to Corning Gorilla Glass 3 it is safe from Scratches. The back part also looks very good. And the design is Brialliant! That cute little space at the back is cute to touch. The flashlight is very very bright. Coming to the battery... It is damn good.. The battery backup is mindgoggling.. On heavy usage it last for 16-17 hours. and on average use it lasts more than a day. The phone takes 3 hours to fully charge. About the 'Touch Quality' It is UNEXPECTED at this price tag! It is very very very smooth. Games like Subway Surfers runs very smooth.The call quality is also very clear. And One more thing.. after KIT-KAT update.. The battery backup and touch quality will become more Awesome.. and the GUI after the update also improves a lot. The camera quality is Average but not Unbearable..In Bright ligh the images captured are good. so Camera is not a big issue for such an Awesome phone. Overall it is a really very nice phone. It gives you pure android experience and a lot of features at such an amazing price tag! I think you should not think much before buying this. Simply go for it.50-50 phone.+ve sides 
1: awsome performance. games and apps are running without any lag 
2: screen clarity is better than my previous phone note 7000 ( 326ppi) 
3: battery backup is great. 
4: design and build quality of phone is so great thn expected. u can operate phone with one hand. its perfectly fit in urs hand 
5: price 
 
-ve sides 
1: camera is average . u c little grains in pictures 
2: battery takes long time to get charge though battery backup is awesome 
3: call quality of phone is bad ( it is software problem it will be fixed after an one update which is rolled out in us and uk still it is upcoming in asia i.e: india ) 
4 : network signal strength is nice but sometime i am facing loss of signal in both sims during long talks (not to panic again it is software problem it will be fixed after an one update which is rolled out in us and uk still it is upcoming in asia ie: india ) 
 
overall there are some little problem which i m facing which will be fixed by an one update but m very happy having this phone . 
awsome phone in this price point better than samsung laggy plasticy phone.Brilliant in the price range.Been using the product for over a week now. There are a lot of reviews on Flipkart's delivery services and since that was unsatisfactory, they have rated the product as 1 star.. it's far from that !! 
 
PROS - 
1)Excellent display (PPI is better than even IPhone). The brightness and crispness of colors is visible immediately 
2)Fast - Quad Core.. 1.2 GHz.. Good for most apps (except the extreme high gaming) 
3)Sound Quality - It is really really good. Somehow, people have skipped this part. Earphone quality is truly superb 
4) Price Effectiveness - That this comes for 14k is mind-boggling!! 
5) Gorilla Glass - For all the scratches, marks, etc.. 
6) Latest Android with all the new updates (like Google Now) 
 
CONS - 
 
1) If u take a lot of pics/videos, the loss of an extendable memory card will be felt 
2) Battery cant be removed.So u cant really do a cold reset 
3) No USB included. which is unusual in a cell phone of this range 
4) I've doubts abt the customer service that are being offered with no moto service centre 
 
The pros obviously outweigh the cons. Shd go for this absolutely if ur budget isnt dat highMoto g... WHAT IS THIS THING???.Well for starters...b4 moto g was launched in India... motorola in India.. was like &quot;why go for these unknown companies... go for samsung or nokia... sony or htc..&quot;... &quot; Motorola ?? which company is that??.... well for the sake of facts... Motorola is the first company to officially manufacture a mobile phone.. though motorola din have much market in India till now... am sure it will change from now on... Because moto G has got the right Masala for the Indian market.... This review is written after a detailed study... of my moto G after a duration of one month.. there are pros and there are cons for Moto G... because evrything cant b perfect... 
starting with pros. (well I have a 16 Gb version ordered from flipkart got it in 2days ;) ) 
 
pros: 
 
1) corning gorilla 3 protection scratch proof... yes it is i tested with my keys and nails... not a single scratch... bingo (won) 
 
2) water proof it has got nano coating.... i din drop it in water but got drenched in heavy bangalore rains... no issues... so thats kinda tested (won) 
 
3)snapdragon 400 quadcore processor... clocked at 1.2 gh... dude its quadcore.. and complemented with 1 gb ram... i say master stroke... many people think u would be needing 2 gb ram... 1 gb is less... blah blah blu blu.. all bull shit... its perfect.... its easy to say... but its best when u experience it on hand.... speed is (its fast... yes it is) (won) 
 
4)screen size.. 4.5&quot; perfect... not too much not too less... some people would prefer 5&quot; and all... but u want a phone which looks like a phone.... classy... am not saying 5&quot; is bad... but according to me... 4.5 is just perfect... it wont drain muh battery also from.. u (won) 
 
5)720p... 1080 is awsome.... but if u have not expereinced... 1080p trust me theres nothing more awsome than this 720p.... 326 pixels per inc in 4.5 inch screen is mind blowingly impressive (won) 
 
6)dual sim... y get another phone... when u can have 2 in 1 bingo (won) 
 
7) the look is good... pretty descent design i would say... with curvy back... looks great in black... it has a premium look... 
 
8) games have been tested and works fine.... no lags nothing... for example sake... i had downloaded Asphalt 8 (1.38gb seriously) heavy graphics... no issuses with the phne evrything works fine... 
 
9) the touch is good... great i should say smooth like a butter... 
 
10) u can downloaded open mic from playstore... and experince handsfree too... ask and it shall answer.. things i ve tried.. ask whats the temperature... make calls... find the traffic... find the route... set alarms..... it works fine... 
 
11) anderoid version kitkat 4.4.2 the moment u switch on ur phne thers an updating waiting... :) 
except for nexus 5... and s5 and moto x and one of the lava...phne nbdy else has reached the kitkat version of anderoid... it has its own... tricks u will know when u use it... 
 
12)battery back up is descent i guess... it goes like this heavy usage 12- 13hrs (browsing... chatting(all the time)... watching videos(2 hrs)... making calls (2-2.5 hrs)... playing games (2 to 3 hrs)... listening to songs (1 or 2 hrs)... 
if medium usage around 15hrs to 20 hrs... it will stand for one full day.. 
 
and the best pro i can ever write.... we are getting all this for just 13999 Rs. 
how much ever u research... ur not going to get any cel... whth such specs for such a price... be it a budget phne stil it wont match Moto G... 
Moto G.. is a king from in its own standards... and it can put up a preety decent fight with those in the range of 20k to 30k... 
 
Moving on to the cons section 
 
1) call clarity not that good... its kinda feels like the speakers r screwed up... but its smooth when u use a earphne and make a call... 
2) camera 5 mp not great but not bad too.... only issue is if the light is less the picture quality would be bad full of grains... if there is light... u will b happy... 
3)only 16 gb... yeah u will feel thats an issue after ur 16 gb is over... but google drive offrs 65gb.. for two years thats kinda great... 
4) when i downloaded lot of apps... the phne tends to slow a bit... due to lot of thngs running some times... especially when i was using a 3d launcher.... 
5) the phne gets heated up sometimes while using... tats bcuz the battery is not removable may b.... 
 
well I know lot of people have given their reviews... but if my review helps then great... i know there are things to moto g than i said... 
ill just say y i went for this phne... for the price am just getting some thing great... y spend 30k and get a phne like nexus... after two to 3 mobnths smthing better will come... and if u want to exchange it would b easier with moto g... than with nexus bcuz of the price.... 
but I dont think I wont b changing Moto G for a long time... when U use this device properly.... u will feel u have the power in ur hands... :)Value for money well defined here.Purchased it returned it and immediately booked another piece. It is that good. Many pieces are giving problems to the users but the ones that work are truly amazing. I have not received any problems so far. 
 
Pros: 
1. There is no handset in the world that gives these features for what it costs. Period. 
2. The Looks are stylish and very unique 
3. If you buy Gadgetshieldz Full body protection it gets even better 
4. The battery back up is pretty decent. I use mobile data and WiFi continuously and I get around 22 hours average 
5. The Display is pretty grand. It looks much better than any Samsung, LG or HTC displays. The icons are crisp, the brightness is just right and so on 
6. The mobile functions pretty well with no glitches or hangs 
 
Cons: 
1. As per my observations 1 of 2 sets has an issue. But that's not an issue as you can get your mobile easily replaced. And if you have synced everything to your Google account all your photos, contacts and other files are saved perfectly. 
2. The Earphones are charger you receive from Flipkart are not that great. But hey, you get them for free. I'm not complaining anything on that which I get for free 
 
Overall I recommend this mobile to everyone(everyone actually seems to be buying it). This could become the 1100 of our times. An affordable and well built mobile which everyone can rely on.My Experience of Moto G after a Month.First of all, hats off for the motorola and google team. Brilliant Job Done ! There are many reviews which are already available about the quality so wont talk much about it. 
 
I want to keep the review simple and straight forward. 
 
1) It is a phone for those who are tired of using the large screens and two hands. Yes, the reason I assumed this because many of those have shifted from their Galaxy Notes and other Phablets. Needless to say, I am one of them and I am loving it. 
 
2) Its blazing fast. Stock rom works absolutely like a charm. Havent lagged even once till date. If any app is giving you trouble, uninstall it completely (clear the cache too), and reinstall it. It will work perfect. 
 
3) I keep my GPS on battery saving mode as i really like to use the google now functionality to the fullest. And yes, it sails through the day with a single charge. I am left with around 21% by 10:00 PM (I start my day by 08:00 am). This includes gaming, emails and surfing in moderation. 
 
4) The screen is vibrant and due to a smaller size (0.5&quot; less) the pixel density makes it quite readable and easy to keep it handy to search stuff. 
 
Cons: 
 
1) Got a large thumb so yes, typing at times gets tedious. So I have to rely on Google Voice or Swype (Swift flow). However, I have lot of words now stored in the dictionary so for me, its now a bit easy. For typing long emails, I use bluetooth keyboard. 
 
2) Reading something which is not responsive. But That should not be a problem if you use softwares like POCKET. I use it to store something which I want to read. It simply converts it into responsive format for me.Great Product! Total Value for Money..This is my review after using the phone for more than a month. 
 
Why is the Moto G awesome? 
1. The cost (Rs. 13999) 
2. Quad core processor makes multi tasking a breeze. 
3. 1 gb ram is enough for great multimedia viewing, web browsing, office based application uses and almost all other apps except games (though the moto g performs quite awesome when it comes to high performance games, but 2 gb is something which is well suited for games, making loading faster and games are lag free) 
4. The display quality is great! 
5. Battery life is great (you have to set the display to auto, and enable the battery saver option, the phone will last you a day with heavy usage (this does not include video calls) ) 
6. Great Build quality 
7. the loudspeaker is great, crisp, clear and decently loud 
8. the headphones are amazing, the sound quality is great! 
 
What is not so awesome about the Moto G? 
1. Good front and rear camera, a bit disappointing in low light, but manageable. 
2. the charger takes a lot of time it is a 550mA charger if you purchase a 750mA charger, it would work well. 
3. no data cable is provided with the phone. 
 
To sum it up, I loved the phone and I would highly recommend it.Great Phone, Great Service, Lucky Me!.I was amoung the lucky few (sorry to all the unlucky guys out there) who ordered the 16gb 
version on launch day, before it went out of stock again. I ordered at 12.30pm and recieved it the next day (today), before 12.00pm; less than 24hrs from order to delivery, Flipkart hats off to you guys, shocked me this time, i enjoyed the service.:) 
 
I think its important to get the 16gb version, as by the time I installed the necessary apps and imported photos, music and few videos from the old phone (about 4gb), i have only 7gb remaining., so if this was an 8gb model, it'd be full already. but if your gonna use more of the cloud, then this is not a problem for you, but this phone is for my dad, and dads dont like to be on the cloud, so do keep that in mind if your considering the 8gb version. 
 
About the phone: 
As many have mentioned, its a great phone at a great price. Good specs, very fluid, almost a nexus device at this price point, which is amazing. Build quality is really good, feels very premium actually, simple and clean. 
 
Its not suprise this phone will do great, ill explain: 
 
1.Front completly covered in gorilla glass 3, no need for screen gaurds or worry about scratches. 
 
2.Back case is replaceble, so no need of a protective case, when it gets worn out, just replace the case. 
 
3.Screen resolution is really good, HD screen on a 4.5&quot; screen, very rare in this price range. No noticable difference when compared to a Full HD screen either. 
 
4.Good specs, will play most if not all games, for the gamers out there. Will scroll, load, and run smoothly, like any premium android. Thumbs up here too..:) 
 
5.Camera 5mp, is quite good, snappy and clear, wont beat my lumia, but definitely worth the price.:) Front cam is good too. 
 
6.Best part of all is the price. Sure there may be other indian made droids, which are cheaper out there, but I being a person who dosent have the time to do my research and find out if they're really worth it; I would gladly invest my money in a brand that is known for good build quality. 
 
7.The UI is almost stock, other than the exclusive moto apps, it looks just like my nexus7 out of the box. 
 
8.Battery should be good, moto claims a full day, i dint have the time to check it, but im sure itl last atleast 24 hours. 
 
With all these boxes ticked, its already clear, why this phone would sell like crazy in India. 
I cant find any cons as of now. 
 
I took the time to write this review, cause flipkart delivered it in 24 hrs.. 
 
Bottom line: If your in for a good android phone, under 15 or 20k, consider this phone first, because its just aswm!Great Experience.I bought this phone after extensive research and I love the product. 
Well, once you see the specification, you know it is a steal in this price. 1 GB RAM and Gorilla glass!!! 
Here is something that can't be get from spec - 
 - Sturdy Build. You will love it in your hand. Perfect size to hold in hand. 
 - Very very good battery backup. It says 24 hrs mixed use, But I got 48 hrs with 50% time WiFi on, music, call, video, gaming. 
 - Camera is good. From spec you can't understand the quality, but I got fairly good pictures. 
 - Earphone given with the set is average quality. You may want to bye a good one if you are a music lover. 
 - Currently it is shipped with 4.4.2, I got one with Jelly Bean and upgraded. There was some report (or rumor?) that dual SIM is not working with 4.4.2, but I didn't face any such problem. But there is a issue with graphics in the update, sometimes you can not see any test or menu, it all goes black, but it is been generally overcame in few seconds. Wish Motorola will fix this soon. 
 - With the USB OTG feature, which is great, I may have found an issue that when you remove an USB device, it continues to show &quot;media disconnected&quot; in notification, that only goes away with a UI service restart or after restating the phone. 
 - There is very very rare lagging after long gaming. Performance is great. 
 
And as usual Great service from Flipkart.AWESOMENESS AT ITS BEST!!!!!!.Awesome- the only word which describes this phone. I usually don't give reviews but I thought it would be really unfair not to give this one. Moving on with the important things: 
Built Quality - 9.5/10(Strong and sturdy body coupled with GG3. It doesn't deserve any less) 
Display - 10/10(The best +point about this phone! 720p resolution with 329ppi density in a 4.makes the colours vivid,crisp and good viewing angles even under sunlight) 
Hardware - 9.5/10(Keeping the budget in mind, I think Motorola gave everything possible in this phone without holding anything back.) 
Camera - 8.5/10(I think it wouldn't be fair expecting a 8MP shooter with all the rest top notch features in a price bracket of 14k. Then again the 5MP shooter does a really decent job and its pretty basic. I have seen many people complaining but they should be reminded that does any other phone(branded or non branded) come close to Moto G? 
Battery - 9/10(The 2070mAh battery has some serious juice and gives really long backup when needed the most) 
Gaming - 10/10(Thanks to its powerful Adreno 305 GPU bundled with 1GB RAM, there isn't any game in the playstore which lags in Moto G. I have played N.O.V.A. 3, THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, MODERN COMBAT 4, DEAD TRIGGER, NFS MOST WANTED, DEUS EX and Asphalt 8 without any sort of issues whatsoever - And I believe these are the most resource hungry games till date. 
CONCLUSION- Ignoring its 16GB limited memory, Moto G eliminates every competition especially in that price range. The only close substitute in this price range is the Xperia M(which has a dual core 1Ghz processor and eventhough it has expandable memory,You can't transfer the apps 2 sd card) and between the two, one would buy the Xperia M if he is a Sony fan and is scared of getting better features in that price range. 
ALL OVER MOTO G - 9.5/10GOOD CHOICE.IF SOMEONE IS STILL HESITATING TO BUY MOTO G, PLEASE GO FOR IT. ITS ABOUT MONTH I AM USING IT WITHOUT ANY CAUSES OF DISSATISFACTION. MOTO IS COLLABORATED WITH GOOGLE. UI OF MOTO G IS USER FRIENDLY. RESOLUTION AND SOUND QUALITY IS GOOD. BATTERY BACK UP IS ALSO GOOD. I USE TO PLAY GAMES LIKE AIRBORN 2, TEMPLE RUN OZ, AGENT DASH, VICTOR, APPROXIMATELY 2 HOURS, AN HOUR OF MUSIC PLUS INTERNET ACCESS ALL DAY WITH KEEPING THE BRIGHTNESS FEATURE AT AUTO. MY BATTERY DIES AT THE END OF THE DAY. 
PHONE IS QUIT HARDY, NOT VERY SLIM &amp; LIGHT WEIGHT, BACK COVER IS NON SLIPPERY AND HANDY. 
AS I TOLD ITS A GOOGLE'S COMPANY YOU CAN ENJOY ALL THE SOFTWARE BY GOOGLE IN IT. ITS DOESN'T HAVE A FILE MANAGER (LIKE OTHERS) BUT HAS GOOGLE DRIVER WHICH I DON'T LIKE IT. 
HEADPHONE EARPIECES IS TOO CLUMSY DOESN'T FIT TO MY EARS. ITS SOUND CLARITY IS GOOD. 
LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST, I AM VERY FOUND OF BUYING PRODUCES FORM FLIPKART AS ITS PRODUCE DETAILS AND DELIVERY DATES ARE SO ACCURATE. 
THANKS FLIPKART TEAM FOR YOUR SERVICESMilestone Smartphone (3/5 for the average camera, 5/5 for everything else).A review after a month of torturous usage. This is a smartphone that ups the bar for everything that is to come in the future. This does to the smartphone industry what the nexus smartphones did when it got first released. 
Better than Nexus 4 in all respects (except camera). Far better than anything Samsung can build at any price range, even better than Samsung S5. 
The only smartphones better than this in most aspects are: Moto X, Nexus 5, iPhone 5, HTC One. Everyone of these are premium smartphones. Sony lags behind because of it's bloated OS and hence below par user experience. 
 
USER EXP (5/5): Comparable to Nexus 5, Moto X, iphone 5 even. Works like butter. When you use, it works faster than Nexus 5 at times in certain applications (20-30% of times). 
BATTERY (4/5): Bit better than or equal to what you would expect off of a normal smartphone. 4+ hrs of Hi-end gaming with maximum brightness- bluetooth and wifi on- vibration on. 5-6 hrs of gaming with battery saving &amp; low brightness. So expect same or a bit more with movies watching or texting. Normal usage can easily give you min 1 day or even 2 days. No smartphone gets 5/5 in this category. 
BUILD Quality (5/5): Has premium build look to it. Comparable to Nexus, HTC One and even older iPhones. Way better than Samsung. When it comes to Durability, nothing beats Sony, but this performs as much as most phones do may be a bit better. I hate the way it attracts fingerprints, just like iphone. Has Corning Gorilla glass hence no scratches and is also Spill proof- i.e small amount or short span water proof. The advantage is you can wash the phone extend :D 
TIPS: Buy magnetic flip-case, preferably the one supplied by moto even if they are a bit costly. Most phones break when dropped face down on their displays. With magnetic flips, the fall won't damage the glass, mostly even if the flip if open as the flip rotates and slows the phone on fall like a parachute. For extra protection use screen guard (not for scratch) as it prevents glass shatter and reduces it to glass crack and prevents fingerprint and glare to an extend if you have matte finish. 
SOFTWARE (5/5): You run the best Android software Kitkat and it runs like it is running in Nexus 5. Doesn't seem to slow with time. Very rarely, like once a month if you are a person who meddle a lot with the phone, never if you are not, you might get a bug of having boxy fonts. Next update will surely fix that I guess, even if not, it is nothing to worry about. 
HARDWARE (4/5): Awesome configs (1 GB ram and quadcore Snapdragon 400) all around, for any phone less than 20,000 Rs. Indian version offers dual sim, not many phones has that. The signal strength, wifi, bluetooth, etc has no issues ever. Speaker on the back is loud than most phones and clearer than even most phones. Dual sim is a necessary feature which this phone has. No micro SD card slot, so spend extra and buy 16 GB version. Obviously, there is no micro-hdmi port :P (no phones has). Can plug-in bulky headphone jacks (some phones can't coz of bad port placement). Uses only micro-sim (not a problem). 
DISPLAY (5/5): HD. 326 pixels per inch. Better than Nexus 4, Iphone 4s. Beautiful looking, bright enough in maximum brightness, crisp, vivid, etc etc. 
CAMERA (3/5): Usable 1.3mp front camera and 5 mp back camera with flash, HD video recording. Has some nice features like HDR, panorama, Slo mo video. I liked slo mo better than anything else. Performance is on par with anything in this price range. Camera is NOT at all comparable with any phones over 20000 Rs (be it Samsung, Sony, Nexus). There MIGHT be some phones which has better camera under 20,000 Rs. 
PRICE (6/5!!): Every single thing is far better for the price it is being offered in, including the camera. 
 
OTHER mentions: No miracast, i.e can't connect to TV hdmi. Most phones can't, still if you are looking for that feature, this phone too doesn't have it. It does have wifi Hotspot (Yes it has). No 'tell -ok google- to google search' feature in 'Google Now'. I have connected bluetooth HID controller/ gamepad/ joystick and played games with it. 
 
BOTTOMLINE: Buy it blindfolded if you are NOT a 'mobile-phone photographer'. 
If camera is more important than anything else, search, try, and you might find other phones with better camera for less than 20,000 Rs.Great phone.Hi, 
 
I selected Moto G after a lot of comparisons with other models. 
The device is of 16GB memory with dual SIM and came diretcly with 4.4.2 KitKat version. 
Got it delivered by Flipkart the day after it was ordered. Very fast delivery indeed. 
 
The phone is good to use performing as expected, and you may select an 8GB or a 16GB based on your budget and need (read below). There was one issue though that the play store crashed unexpectedly while using for the first few days. 
 
About the combo offers, it is better to read the reviews thoroughly and see how it looks on the device. They may be overpriced and you may find a cheaper one outside. And there are hardly any good quality data cables at Rs.100-200 on Flipkart. 
 
Advantages over other phones: 
 
1. There are local models of Micromax, Xolo, as well as Samsung (S3 mini, Galaxy Core and Quattro) and those of LG (L9 Optimus) available at same price range. 
However, the specifications are better in Moto G at the same price. 
 
2. No heating while talking or charging for a long time or any voice clarity issues. 
 
3. Good battery life at the price range. Easily lasts for 2 days at average usage. 
 
4. Excellent display quality due to higher no.of pixels at 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 inches (~326 ppi pixel density). 
 
5. Good 5MP camera quality with 2592 ?? 1944 pixels at this price. 
 
About the cons I heard: 
 
1. No memory card available. This is one big drawback. The makers of this device wanted the user to compensate it with 8GB/16GB memory. Out of the 16GB, 12.92 GB is usable. Hence, we have more app install ability. Unless you do not install big apps of 1GB+ or 500MB, or have lots of data (say around 10GB songs), the 8GB will suffice @Rs.12,500. 
They also give 50GB storage for 2 years on Google Drive. 
 
2. No proper device accessories provided: 
No data cable available. Better try to buy from stores as they would provide better quality ones at less price. The ones on flipkart are not good and I had to apply for return of a Callmate cable at Rs.125 (now Rs. 99). 
The headphones and the charger may be of average build but it is fine to go with it. 
 
3. No 3G Video calling. 
 
4. Camera performance is not as expected in less lightning, but this does not bother much. 
 
5. Gmail required to sync with google account and without this you cannot have all the good features. They provide tips for better usage base on your usage statistics, they have a feature to locate the phone via GPS, and other google features like Google Drive. 
It will also sync contacts with Gmail and will create a Google+ account. 
Contacts not having birthdays and anniversaries entries facility. I read about these in other reviews. 
Using the calendar is also not possible without syncing with some account. Hope there is an update to this soon. 
 
I would rate it 5 stars because of its good deliver-ability and the device matching my expectations.Awesome handset. Awesome UI.. Unparalleled..A little late i am to review but ALL IS WELL :P :D. FOA, thanks to flipkart for delivering my ordered product on a kind request and ASAP. I was very much delighted to see it in a swish delivery. Ill give u 5 of 5 for that. 
Now the product - MOTO G. the much anticipated budget cum much smarter mobile. It has really triggered SONY to level his peoples to design new variant that can compete MOTO G. And i would say it wouldnt stand a chance. 
Initially for a couple of days , it was hard to settle with smartphone providing the fact its my first smartphone. Then today i have upgraded to Kitkat version and its soooooo nice. 
No struggle no loss no lag... its a no no phone and one thing i failed with moto g is that i couldnt drain out the battery not less than 40 hours. 
*The best part, i downloaded Asphalt 8 airborne through wifi in 25 grace minutes with the battery level down from 28 to 20%. While i started playin the game, no lag and battery charge is challenging the app with long time standing. 
 
ENOUGH SAID. GRAB YOURS SOON, ELSE U HAVE MISSED THE STOCK VERSION wich has best UI than custom.. It cares abour ur health, hearing level. Wow!. there are people in motorola to make product for people and not to drag people into the product. 
 
Bear with little miscomforts in the mobile. they are like particles. With the camera, its the best in its segment. Compared with other mobiles too.Moto G is a junior version of Nexus killer..Motorola is back with a blast.. These guys are known for their sexier phones and this one stands out too..This phone packs an awesome specs for its price range. It has everything in it and Google has made this phone for people who are actually in a budget and being said that they have given in some big thoughts for this phone... But this is not a budget phone.. Moto gives you exactly what you pay for. 
 
Pros: 
- Motorola + Google. 
- 4.5&quot; 16M color 720p IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 326ppi pixel density ( 326 ppi is a big plus for this price range and that too its 720p display) 
- Qualcomm Snapdragon quad-core 1.2GHz Cortex-A7 CPU 
- 5 MP autofocus camera with LED flash and it records 720p video ( Unless you guys want a camera instead of a phone this should do fine) 
- Android OS v4.3 Jelly Bean ( And since this is from Google you will be getting direct and first preference in case of Android updates) 
- Multitasking and Gaming will be great (1 GB RAM and Adreno 305 Graphics processor on board) 
- Back panels can be switched to your color preference. 
 
Con: 
- No expandable memory. 
 
As i said the only thing that can be a slight miss is that the phone lacks SD card slot and its only available in 8 and 16 GB versions. If you are okay with this then you got yourself undoubtedly the best phone on this planet for Android right now... 
If not on a budget then definitely go for Nexus 5.Average Phone - Rubbish Camera.Moto G is one of those phones that makes you think that you are getting a real bang for your buck and mostly its true. The screen is pretty good, performance is snappy provided you don't choke your phone with a zillion apps, and its Dual SIM!!(don't we just love it). 
 
Looks wise,the phone is an average looker.Definitely not one of those phones that you would want to flaunt in front of your friends to showcase you progress on the social ladder , but again not ugly enough that you would want to hide it in your deepest pockets. 
 
Unfortunately that's where the good part ends. One of the other main features that people look in their phones is camera, and it seems that Motorola (or Google) have gone out their way to find the worst possible 5 MP shooter and stick it in this camera . Trust me you , you do not wan't to take snaps with this camera and post it on social networking sites unless you wan to be butt of their jokes.In fact I pretty sure all the Micromaxes and Spices and Lavas will produce better photos at half the cost. The camera is an embarrassment, let's leave it at that. 
 
Overall, if you are willing to shell 14K for a phone that has a lovely screen, decent battery life and performance , but are willing to forgo the photographer in you, this is the phone for you. If you are a true blood lensman, don't even bother about this phone. You would end up tearing your hair out.MOTO G -- Made me writing this review.I am Using Moto G for the last one month and i can say i am very much satisfied about its performance let me details my experiance 
 
Screen : screen i must say one of the best 4.5 inch HD is perfect for viewing anything more is not noticable with humane eye. so it is a perfect one. Viewing angles and colors are vibrant, brightness is apt to view in sunlight if set in auto brightness. so 5/5 for screen and display 
 
Call quality : one thing is that the receiver end the call quality is best with the noise cancellation microphone and for calling the voice is so sharp so some noise may hear but it is ok. I think a software update can fix this issue for me this doesn't feel an issue. Call volume is very good so overall 4/5 for this 
 
Signal Reception : I must say signal reception is pretty good both wify as well as 2g and 3g no problems at all 5/5 
 
Camera : Camera for me feels pretty decent some times and some time there is lot of noise in the picture in my view for long focus shots camera is soft and not sharp but for macro and near shots its good. overall it feels above average for me better than my earlier LG mobile 5mp cam so 4/5 
 
build quality and handling :- The size and weight feels perfect for me i saw lot of 4.5 inch phones but i noticed that this one is smaller in size and perfectly ok for one hand operation. And the mobile look like a 'black halwa' so pretty and premium. 5/5 
 
Battery backup : i am getting 1.5 day backup with moderate usage. But one thing is that screen is consuming more battery so if continuous screen on, you may get only 6 to 7 hours backup. one major thing is the battery standby is very good for me with wifi off and data off for a full night there is only consumes 4-6%. For me this is not a problem so i am giving 5/5 
 
so don't look further if your budget isKiller Price Killer Phone.All right guys enough of the doubts..time for an in depth review. 
 
After 3 weeks of use, my verdict 
 
Pros: Well at this price you cant ask for anything more. The quad core is amazing. Super smooth and the stock Kitkat is just another sign of its purity. It runs games like Asphalt or any high graphics game pretty well. All other processes run really smooth and KitKat's optimization doesnt consume more than 80% of RAM. 
Battery performance is just impeccable. At optimum usage it can last for 1 day 15hrs easily. At full brightness with internet and gaming it runs for 8 hours almost. You cant get any better than this. The memory may not be expandable but for the 16GB you get around 11.9 GB user usable. 
4.5 inch 720P is just a treat to the eyes. 
Also the back panel is changeable so try on ur favourite colour 
 
Cons : Don't like mentioning but for those who have doubts 
Ok this maybe 1 in a million chance, but i got a defective model. The problem was the battery didnt charge to a full 100% rather stopped at 97%. So do check when u buy a new one. 
Camera is not so good but common yaar 14000 mein bacche ki jaan loge kyaa. Memory cant be expanded and you cant add more than 5 screens on the display( launchers can be used for this). Its a tad heavy and sometimes gets heat up easily but when you misuse it. 
 
Conclusion : Hence proved the best budget phone in the market :DAwesome Phone! Exchange offer was too good!.I was vacillating between Micromax Canvas Magnus and Moto G for some time. But then I saw an ad on flipkart for exchange of old(er) phone for Rs2000 and immediately purchased Moto G. 
 
I wanted to exchange my Old Nokia Asha 311. But unfortunately (or fortunately) it wasn't on the devices listed for exchange. But then I saw Nokia 7230 on the list. It was an old phone I had that I wasn't even able to exchange for 1200 in local market. But thanks to this deal, I exchanged it off to Flipkart for 2000 Rs. Exchanging Asha 311 might have been a so-so deal for me. But exchanging Nokia 7230 was a ridiculously good deal. 
 
Coming to Moto G.The device is awesome. With spectacular specs at this price range, this mobile is definitely a steal. Be sure to go for 16 GB. 8GB will hardly allow you to install memory consuming games like Asphalt 8, Real Racing 3, Modern Combat 4, etc. Adreno 305 allows you play even console level games with ease. 
 
The camera is not so good. However, it's on par with higher resolution cameras from other brands. Jelly Bean models of Moto G has camera focussing issues. However, it's gone with Kit Kat Update. Furthermore, my mobile had Kit Kat right out of the box :) 
 
I'd recommend this mobile to anyone who wants a decent phone in 20k range. Belive me guys this phone is even better tha Samsung Grand 2 that is at least 5k expensive than this.Exceptional Phone in the price range.I am using this phone from past 45 days. This is my first smart phone. Screen is great for watching videos and text is crisp. The viewing angles are also good.The touch is also very responsive. I have played Asphalt airborne 8 and Fifa 12 there was no lag. If you play for 45 minutes the phone heats up a little bit. Battery would exist 1 day for medium use .Calibrate your battery monthly. 
 
Under this price range I don&rsquo;t consider them as cons 
 
1.)The receiver will hear our voice somewhat low during call. 
2.)Camera is ok in daylight. Pictures are blur in the night sometimes. 
3.)The Motorola charger is becoming very hot if we charge. 
4.)I can&rsquo;t answer the incoming call by Samsung headphones using the call answer button on the headphone (I have to manually swipe the screen for answering the call and use the headphones.).It works fine with Motorola headphones. 
5.)You can&rsquo;t delete single message. But you can delete the whole message conversation. 
6.)There is no gyroscope so you can&rsquo;t play some motion games properly while sleeping. 
7.)There is no NFC and no external memory card (12.9GB inbuilt for 16GB version) .You can&rsquo;t connect it to an TV via HDMI cable.It's a little miracle!.What this nice and solid piece of technology tells you is that perception without knowledge is useless in this era. When you hear people saying that a Motorola's phone can't be good and that they must be cheating or doing something wrong to offer this remarkably able phone at the price that they are offering, you can't help but to imagine how wrong people's perception can be. When they mindlessly buy every piece of crap a mass duplicator and soulless Samsung produces, it baffles me how easily in fact Samsung or any other android powered phone makers cheat us. 
 
If a company, as supposedly outdated as Motorola, can come up with the absolute benchmark of a phone at a price point so lower than what these companies are selling for years, it begs a simple question : why would you buy anything else? 
 
I won't get into specs as you can, in your right mind, read them here without prejudice. I'll say two things though: 
1. If you want to click pictures and share via Whatsapp or Facebook (very few know that all the pictures are anyway going to be miserably downsized in both of them) Moto G won't disappoint you one bit as in regular lighting it'll take really crisp pictures. If you want to click even better pictures you might as well simply buy a point and shoot camera which will come at half the price of Moto G. My point, you don't judge phones on how they capture photos. There are way more important tasks. 
 
2. The most outstanding feature of this phone is its display. Crisp, beautiful and saturated. With PPI close to iPhone 4/4s's retina display, you can't expect anything better at this price point. It's just superb and I think laymen just don't give the required importance to displays on phones, which effectively affects everything you do on phones. 
 
Lastly the only blemish I have is that with such a powerful heart inside, Moto should've done something in the widgets department. Would've been even more sweet. 
 
But no complaints though as this is a master piece given it's price and the love and intent with which this phone has been developed by Motorola given the financial constraints is just joyous.Decent product and value for money.Hi friends, 
      I got my 16Gb Moto G on 27 feb and as discussed in various forums found the product is up to mark as committed by Motorola. 329 ppi is better than all my mobile in past and over all experience so far is awesome for me. 
 
After checking all the features in mobile i found the mobile batter drains fast as compare to commitment by vendors so no choice other than rooting. I rooted the device with help pf tutorials published by Motorola official page. Now things are much much better other than batter now voice quality is enhanced as well on screen brightness is increased. got rid of google Advertisements as well RAM control is better. 
 
Over all experience with this device is really good at benchmark price of 13999/- Camera is little disappointing, although i use it rarely..... 
 
I recommend all this product as MUST BUY if you are a geek or planning for a new gadget. This mobile is a steal if you are gaming freak. all most all the available games you can play without any lag. 
 
 All the best for those who are waiting for delivery and others who are planning for a buy ! 
 
Warm regards, 
Sunil NairBest Phone in the Price Basket of less than 20000.I have been now using this phone for nearly a month. I have downloaded and installed more than 140+ apps. I have also played &quot;high end graphic requirement&quot; games. For most of these games it plays and navigates through it with ease. For the price basket of less than 20000, it is a beast. Excellent touch response, zero or negligible lag even when you run as many as 7 to 8 applications at a time. Great call quality. Supports upto HSPA network(which is greater than 3G). Excellent browsing experience. My phone also fell couple of times also got considerably wet in rain, still delivered like a beast. No complaints except that it has no support for 4G LTE(which you should not be worried if you are in India, as most cities dont have it yet) and that you have to reduce the graphic quality to medium when playing games like Asphalt 8 and other really very heavy system consuming games. Other wise, hands down, the best mobile in the price basket. Definitely not a Nexus flagship, but comes pretty close(actually close enough). Also Motorola and Google have promise consistent updates. So no worries there either. 
I am going with a 4 out of 5, knowing that Nexus 5 is still a better phone, but it comes at more than double the price.Moto G - Best phone in the Price Range - 'Moto Migrate' is a deal clincher.To even think that Google did not give the Moto G and Moto X enough to breathe before yanking them off their product range, makes me think if Google was even committed to making a good product. But trust me when I say this, the Moto G even though is a slightly toned down version of the Moto X is not meerkat amongst wolves. It is in fact the other way around, it is the wolf amongst the meerkats. 
Take any other device in its price range and stack it up against the Moto G and you'd be happy to see that the brand that invented the cellular phone is back with a bang and here to stay. The Moto G (16GB variant) has no frills attached and comes with the bare minimum accessories - Charger adaptor (no USB data cable), Headphones (sad one to be honest) and the papers. 
One of the biggest hurdles in front of someone looking to move from an older Android phone to a new one is being able to port over all content onto the new device. There have been several cheezy attempts at this process and some companies have tried slipping in their own branded suites for the same. They have failed miserably until now. I have used and helped others use a good dozen odd android devices in the past few years. This used to be a huge problem. 
Enter 'Moto Migrate', a magical app that needs to be installed on the other device too and with a simple enough process of scanning a QR code on the new device (or older) you are smiling away to mobile data migration NIRVANA. Moto Migrate should be the default app for all android-android data migration. It is pure magic! Overall I have no regrets in having bought this decvice for my wife and the best part is, I sold an expensive older device and now have some cash lying around for us to spend after buying this one. Tell me fairy tales don't happen... 
 
Regards, 
SiD...My First Moto.I'm using Samsung Galaxy S2 from past two users, its still works like a charm. Now I bought this Moto G couple of days ago (Via Flipkart) 
 
MY EXP 
* Phone look is very good, it looks so solid 
* Phone comes very handy, you can operate with one hand 
* Performance of this Mobile is quite impressive. Been using it from 2 days, never lagged in between 
* Phone came with Android JB and updated to Android Kitkat 4.4.2 
* Audio clarity is quite okay 
 
Before you go for this model, know the following things 
* Definitely this phone is not for you, if you are a fan of using camera on your phone 
* This phone is availible only in two varients 8GB and 16GB, where you can not add anymore memory to it (Which is also, NO MEMORY CARD SLOT) 
* Battery can't be removed, its in built 
* It operates GSM MicroSIM cards only (DUAL - Both of them) 
 
ABOUT DELIVERY 
I'm really unhappy about the way I received. Delivery is by EKART, which has no ears to listen customers (Which means, you cant contact EKART directly)... By Product was 2 days delayed bcos of this LAZY EKART services.A stupendous Mid reange mobile in Awesome price !! &amp; hats off 2 Flipkart for all dis offers wid it &amp; quick delivery !! :).Finally an end to 3 Months of waiting !! 
 
ADVANTAGES of Moto G over its rivals: 
 
1. 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, Quad Core- Best in class, far better than similar speed Mediatek processors. 
2. Gorilla Glass 3: Even at present, most of the phones of Sony/Samsung are coming with Gorila Glass-2. Even itz better than Gorilla glass-2 of Nexus-4. This is a big advantage. 
3. Water proof nano coating on both the sides of d screen which doesnt even come with Galxy Grand-II. 
4. Adreno 305 Graphics: Simply superb enough 2 give u splendid seamless performance. U wont find even abit of lag in playing high end games which d Micromax/Sony devices wid Adreno 325 cant do practically. 
5.KitKat update- would probably be d 1st device in in its class 2 get latest android update. 
6.Battery: trust me, dis 2070 mAh battery iz far far (i mean it) better than the existing 2000 mAh batteries of Samsung and micromax. On an average use wid 4-5 hrs of wi-fi and 1 hr of gaming and normal call uses, dis lasts more than a day. 
 
Conclusion: Just go for it..dont give a second thought unless u wish 2 regret in near future. !!!Excellent phone at affordable price..Got my Moto G 16gb on 21st from flipkart. Really guys, this phone is awesome at this price. I was using Xperia SP before. But this phone is a lot cheaper than SP &amp; even better as per my needs. Everything feels very smooth &amp; swift on G, no lags, hiccups or slowdowns whatsoever, just like SP. Felling of G is better in hand, it feels sturdier,. Design of the phone is very simple but great. Not thick at all. I ordered the white back cover which looks awesome. The screen is really nice &amp; better than SP, colors, details are perfect, viewing angles are way better. Haven't tested it with heavy games as I don't waste my time playing games on phone. Call quality is good. Sound is very good and so loud in the speaker that I won't need more than 50%. Don't use the camera much but it works fine. You can enjoy Kit Kat, which only top end phones of other companies got. I personally like the stock android much more than the other UI I have used like samsung's touchwiz, sony's, htc's etc. Its just simple &amp; good looking. If you need a phone that works perfectly, is affordable but don't look cheap, Moto G is the choice. 
 
4 stars because flipkart took 10 days to deliver the phone.Hardware Configuraton - Superb , Lacks in Software.When i look at the exceptional features in Moto G 16gb at this exception price ..I ordered it immediately as I am getting everything i Wanted.. 
I needed a tough rugged screen and i am getting this protection through corning gorilla glass 3 
Pros : 
Good Battery backup 
Fast processor - Tried it hanging alott by installing very high graphics games and by many more things ...but it didn't hanged for a while 
awesome screen resolution 329ppi ..giving a competion to iphone ppi 
good sound quality 
nice camera quality (Could have been better). 
OTIS compatible 
 
Cons: 
If u are using samsung or sony like mobiles in past,then you will get disappointed with the software ..Though it has superb built in application by motorola like assist migrate care...but when u see the inteface of phone at first u will be disappointed...Not a very good notification toggle...HomeScreen tapping does not provide many options like adding widgets n ol....and menu is also not very impressive....cannot change the order of apps according to yourself .....music player is also from Google play music which is also not very good.. 
 
Overoll the mobile is not very promising from inteface side but very much promising on hardware side 
and I have completely changed the look of interface through various apps from playstore like Go launcher ex notification toggle... 
So its a 5 star mobile for me....mind-blowing in its class!!....Over the last week I have owned this phone I have ran graphic heavy games like CSR Racing, to GTA: San Andreas, taken pictures outside and inside both. The UI is fluid even when having several apps at the same time. The build quality is amazing. The games run smooth and fluid. The camera outside is pretty good, inside though it is subpar. Reception can be good sometimes bad sometimes. Call quality is kinda bad too be honest. The screen for the price is a beauty to behold. No pixels or wash out to be found. The contrast and brightness is very good. Android 4.4 on this device boosts the battery life immensely and last me through the day consistently. The internet browser is fluid on chrome unless you scroll quickly (common on even high end androids. All in all for the price it is the best ive owned. 
 
Pros 
&bull;	UI Speed 
&bull;	HD screen at 329ppi 
&bull;	Graphics processing amazing. 
&bull;	Speedy Processor 
&bull;	good camera performance in good lighting 
&bull;	Cant sync contacts from facebook and email account 
 
Cons 
&bull;	Low internal memory 
&bull;	no micro sd slot 
&bull;	poor low-light cameraExceptional phone for Exceptional price.Hi, 
First of all, i am very pleased with Flipkart service. 
I bought the 16GB phone just after the launch at 12:07am , 6th Feb. 
Flipkart delivery date was 10th feb, but got it on 7th feb 11 am itself! hats off! 
 
Now about the phone, 
The box contained: 1 phone, 1 charger, 1 headset and instructions papers. (no data cable, i guess they think we have the one of the old phone we just disposed :D) 
One odd thing was, my phone came with that battery totally discharged :/ So had to wait for some time until I could boot the device and get exploring :D 
 
After one day of music, gaming, exploring, apps installing, the battery still lasted till end of the day! remarkable. 
 
The phone has 
-sturdy build 
-loud speaker, 
-brilliant display with great viewing angles, 
-great voice-call clarity, 
-for a 5 megapixel camera, pics are good. 
-slow-motion video recording capability (don't expect iPhone like clarity tho) 
 
Even after installing lot of apps, the phone runs smooth and handles the applications well. 
 
Will write a detailed review after using it for a longer time. 
Waiting for kitkat update for this dual-sim version!Moto G : the perfect phone for first time New-Gen Android user.This is the perfect phone for any user who is going to upgrade for latest Android phone but doesnt want to sell his kidneys or start paying emi on loan just to play with a phone. 
 
Pros: 
 
1GB ram keeps you happy when you open tons of apps or play those heavy games. 
the HD screen is extremely sharp and responsive and very sturdy. 
16GB version is what i recommend , 8gb looks extremely constraint . 
The software upgrade will be extremely reliable as it is motorola and supported properly by google itself. cant say that about other brands. 
The CPU too is very good to play the latest gfx intensive games like asphalt. 
Daylight picture taking is very good the sensor on the game also sharpens your picture if you hold it for two seconds and take pic. very good picture quality in proper light. 
 
Cons: 
 
Camera record for vids is not recommended. slightly poor but you cant expect great recording camera at this pricepoint. 
Ourdoor camera can be good in daylight at night it doesnt really take good pics.Best ever budget smartphone!.I have used various smart phones over the years begining with HP - IPAQ - had paid about Rs. 24,000 - 8 years back (Yes!) It was a time when smartphones were quite rare and were every bit a neighbours envy! 
Moved on to Nokia Navigator, E61, Blackberry, Samsung Galaxy R and the Nexus 4. 
 
Finally ordered the Moto G as a second phone and i must say it has totally surprised me. Despite its budget pricing it scores very well on the following parameters: 
a. Look and feel is great and not budget at all! 
b. Wonderful display - better than the Nexus 4 which was priced much higher 
c. Very good battery life - how many smartphones are able to get through almost two days of average usage! and 
d. to top it all - snappy performance! 
 
Gets through most of the day to day tasks without any hitch whatsoever. 
 
Must add experience with flipkart ordering and delivery was flawless! 
 
To all prospective buyers - let me assure you Moto G is a brilliant smartphone and Flipkart is the icing on the cake. Go for it!Great Phone and Excellent Service from Flipkart!!!.Ordered on 24th of last month and got it within 3 days..delivery was fast.the phone was packaged well and had all accessories that was mentioned.. 
 
Thought of getting the Moto X initially bcoz of the cool voiceless control and active display features but for this ,to pay 10 grand more didnt luk feasible for me. 
 
Now about the phone 
Pros: 
-Budget phone which is totally worth it for 14 k 
-Nice display 
-Decent battery life 
-Kitkat is kool..(Mine came already with it ) 
-Nice to handle the phone as it is the right size and shape 
-16 gb memory though inbuilt is enuf i feel as we get 10 gb out of that. 
-Dual Sim ..that shoud be counted as a pro for many 
 
Now abt the cons 
-Camera aint that great..average at best 
-Headset is average 
-No usb cable 
-No screen guard available in local stores for this..need to get it online . 
 
Overall if you are looking for a phone under 20k , thnk this is the one.. 
else if you are willing to go beyond that go for moto x or nexus 5 
 
Am happy with Moto G and very happy with the service from Flipkart and it hasnt disappointed me so far!Amazing little beast this is. Never expected an Android at this range to be any good. I was wrong!.Hi guys, this here is my 2nd review for the Moto G. After getting it replaced twice! 
 
My previous review was deleted by Flipkart, maybe because I gave the Moto G a very low rating of 2 stars. 
But that was because I had received 2 defective Moto G's in a row. So obviously, I wasn't really pleased with this device. 
The 3rd Moto G that I received turned out to be amazing though! 
 
Have been using it for about 20 days now, and no issues with it whatsoever. 
 
It's snappy, fast and all over, very nice. 
 
The screen is rather good, except the readability in sunlight, where it reflects too much to be readable. But, it's a mid-range device with a low-mid range price tag, so I understand Motorola had to cut some corners. 
 
My second gripe with the Moto G is it's camera. It's rather underwhelming, to say the least. My backup device, the Lumia 520 has a better camera than the Moto G, heck even my 6 year old N95 has a better camera than the Moto G. 
 
Thank god that I still have my Nokia 808 PureView with me, so that solves my photography needs. 
 
But it would have been nice to have a decent camera in the phone. 
 
I guess they saved that bit for the Moto G 2. 
 
Anyways, if you're looking to buy a good Android device under 15k, then I believe you only have the one option. The Motorola Moto G. 
 
The call quality &amp; touch screen sensitivity could have been better. 
 
If you aren't going to take a lot of photographs from this device, or you have another device to do that job for you (in my case my 808 stands in), then by all means, get the Moto G. 
 
I'm going with 4 out of 5 for the Motorola Moto G, would have given it 5, but took out one star because of issues with the first 2 handsets received, and also because of the camera. 
 
To the Flipkart &amp; WSRetail team, thatnk you guys very much for trying your best to help me out and replacing the phone until I found it to be perfect. Much appreciated!any confusion !!! read this.First i will thank flipkart for keeping their delivery as promised- excellent service 
now ill come to moto g - exceptional phone at exceptional price-the saying is true, i have been using it for 2 days and its super awesome way better then all the boring samsung's out there 
Pros:- 
1) hats off to performance you can play asphalt 8, death trigger and every damm thing without a single lag and it runs butter smooths so don worry about 1 gb ram as it well suited for its hardware 
2) android 4.4.2 kitkat is a treat to use and u'll always find your phone fast and way ahead of others devices 
3) feels very premium in hands overall 
4) otg support allows direct conenction of usb/flash drive without any app- feature available in galaxy note series 
5) phone's display is the biggest usp - it is not amoled but just next to that i can say-super SEXY 
6) battery takes a long time to get fully charged in almost empty condition(2 -3 hrs or more) but trust me it is equally slow while discharging,i am a heavy user and play lot of games and battery backup is wonderful on this machine 
Cons : - 
1) cheap accessiories included in box(i would not mind considering the phone quality as at this price i can take just the phone as well) 
2) if you are a selfie fan and your life ends without uploading quick photos on facebook- this phone is not for you as camera dissapoints a bit but only in low light, i don really care about cam 
3 ) no nfs support- i don care about that eitherInsanely Amazing Phone for the price.I'm not writing an In Depth review here because they are available all over the net (after all they convinced me to make the purchase). 
Positives: Fast, I can play any game (at least out of the ones I've tried, NFS, Asphalt, Modern Combat, NOVA 3) without any lag. 
Menus and options and websites pop up fast hardly any delay in opening them. 
Is able to play full HD 1080p videos with ease. 
Amazingly crisp screen with vibrant colors, the display is easily seen in sunlight (this is after i turned down brightness to about 50 %) 
Plays videos from almost any website (some sites don't load videos, but this is more an encoding fault of the website and not the phone. just get dolphin browser to view sites with only flash content and you're set) 
OTG works straight out of the box. Thoush you should get something like ES Explorer to view USB files as thie stock KitKat on the phone doesnt have any file manager installed. 
Printing works straight out of the box with the preinstalled HP Print Service Pugin 
Miracast is preinstalled (Cast Screen under display settings) 
Battery life is pretty decent (gives around 6-7 hours under heavy and constant usage) but coming from an old phone which had low processing speeds (and as a result longer battery life) i may include this in the cons as well. 
 
Cons 
No MicroSD Slot: But with OTG I dont really feel it to be that major of an Issue. 
Camera is a little weak but then again I like DSLR level quality which I believe no phone can provide. 
Using the phone with many apps after while can cause the memory to choke up and slow the phone down a bit, but restarting the phone fixes this. 
Battery life ( I told you so) my old phone could last days wothout charging but then again it was much slower, had a single core processor and 128mb ram so thats a given. 
 
All in all this phone is amazing nad for the price and I seriously doubt that you could do better (check out the drop tests, underwater test, and driven over by a car test on youtube. You'll see what I mean) 
I'm in love, order it and you'll be in love too. 5 STARS.Hello MOTO !!!.I would say its a superb phone. It does compete with flagship phones, if we consider user experience at an affordable price Moto G stands first. The impression we get in every aspect of the phone like 
- the display where we doesnt need any screen guard because of its gorilla glass screen 3 protection. 
- Pixel density 329ppi (Its not crystal clear like iphones but delivers true color reproduction) 
- Battery performance its really great (It does not drain unnecessarily if its left idle) almost a day with internet connectivity 
- lag free performance even if we play high end games. (Installed NFS MW, Plants vs zombies, Nova 3, Asphalt 8, deer hunter) 
- Timely updates (KitKat update &amp; system apps like camera, migrate &amp; assist) 
- Ergonomics &amp; design are extremely great easy to use single handed, no creaks, stylish looks. 
- the automatic brightness works perfect (could not expect I get in this price range) 
 
There is nothing to write cons because we cannot expect at this price. I know people are writing cons like camera is bad, no expandle card slot &amp; non-replacable battery. Guys wake up as we dont need to spend extra bucks to replace a battery, we can use OTG to get more space (I would personnally suggest to get a 16gb phone) &amp; camera is good considering the price range. 
 
I have seen many users complaining about signal drop after kitkat update so I just want to review kitkat on moto g below 
 
- I did not find any issues related to network so do not worry. 
- Camera is better when compared to out of the box. 
- Battery performance also the same and I found little improvements.Best Android Experience but weird battery issue.Moto G is the definitely the best phone at the price point. 720p screen is great and performance is decent. 
 
Btw, one of the reason to write this review was the battery issue. Moto G does not have reserved battery power to ensure that the phone charges when the phone ran out of the juice. Typically, when the phone battery dies, it still has enough juice to recognize the phone is being charged. However, Moto G does not have that because of which the phone does not turn on if the phone ran out of juice. Not matter how many hours you charge your phone, it will not turn on. Motorola is aware of the issue and here is the troubleshoot if you guys face similar issue: 
 
1. Hold the VOL DOWN key 
2. While still holding the VOL DOWN key, press and hold the POWER key 
Hold both keys down for over 120 seconds. This is more than two minutes and will seem like a long time. You might want to time yourself to make sure you hold it longer than two minutes. 
3.After holding the keys down for more than two minutes, release them. 
 
The Flash Boot screen will display, and the Normal Reboot option will be highlighted 
Press the VOL UP key and the device will start a normal reboot.SO FAR... SO GOOOD...!!!!!.I read many reviews on FLIPKART before buying this phone. I would want to return the compliment by giving my own review to help others to make a decision like i did. 
 
I would rate this as a budget phone with decent specs and performance. It's been a month since i got this from Flipkart. Let me start by thanking Flipkart for super service. SIMPLY SUPERB. 
 
So far i never experienced any major set back from Moto G. But i would give it sometime to see if there is any problem with the phone. All new phones with new hardware and software perform well at first but the real thing is how it does after a year or so. This i think is a bang for the buck. Really good phone to buy if you are looking for a performing phone with low cost. 
 
Only problem which i'm facing right now is the call quality/slight network issues like signal detection sometimes very low. It is not really good but not bad either. Kinda normal/above average call quality. If you residing in an area where tower/signal strength is low then i would recommend you should go for service provider like Airtel. 
 
call quality - average 
build - super 
display - super 
battery - above average. 
camera - average. 
speed - super. 
value for money - BIG YES. 
network detection - above average (using Airtel) 
 
I would recommend this to somebody to buy if you are looking for decent phone with good configuration and with out putting a big hole on your pocket.Total bang for your buck.Received the shipment yestdy...exactly 10 days after booking. Really liked the flipkart packaging...couldn&rsquo;t believe everything was neatly packed in a approx. 5&quot;x 2&quot; x 2&quot; box. 
 
Came w/ Android 4.3 pre-installed and almost 50% battery charge. 
Once connected to wifi, software update to Android 4.4.2 was initiated, and boy the look and feel of this device&hellip;. is simply awesome for this price. 
 
1/ The OS does not hang at all. 
 
2/ Performance is superb for 1GB RAM 
 
3/ Multitasking is neat 
 
4/ Display is vibrant for YouTube and / reading. 
 
5/ Camera does the job, I am even surprised they packaged a HDR camera with rest of the hardware specs. 
 
6/ Apps run smooth. 
 
7/ Call quality is good enough. 
 
8/ Wifi reception may be a problem at start but then u can fix it by having &ldquo;mac address filter&rdquo; configured in your router. Or, try switching the device and router on and off the traditional way to get a better reception. 
 
9/ Speak to search functionality is awesome...liking it. 
 
10/ 12.92GB usable space for 16GB device is good enough for me, i don&rsquo;t need a microSDHC slot to expand it to 64GB, with 1GB RAM it may hang the device even if it had one. You get 15+ 50GB google drive cloud space that you could utilize for your files, which is good enough, unless you need a portable laptop to carry along w/ you 
 
For a casual users out there like me....this mobile device is a total bang for your buck!Moto g is a great phone but not really sturdy....P.S-Superb Service Flipkart.Bought Moto G from flipkart a few days back...Flipkart delivery was superb as usual... 
 
Now Coming to Moto G--- 
Camera,Music are good and works flawlessly,.... 
the Android Kitkat runs smooth and doesnt lag even a bit 
 
It supports all games and runs them with ease...no sign of lag or framing.. 
1080p Video playback is good and no problem whatsoever 
 
Now Battery life is Remarkable and it tops all of the android phones use.(used atleast 10 before) so really good... 
 
Now the mobile is supposed to have gorilla glass 3 display and all its reviews say it has no problem with drops or scratches...But i have it for 2 weeks and already there has been a scratch in the front glass.even my friend has bought the same and has a scratch now.... that was not expected considering my Lumia 520 managed to survive without any for a year.. 
 
Now i also bought a back cover with this phone...The Turquoise one and it also has colour fade in two three places....Now this was not expected and am really unsatisfied with its build quality... 
So Performance - 9/10 
Build Quality - 4/10 
 
New update:- 
 
After reporting to flipkart about the scratch i wanted an replacement and yesterday i got my scratched Moto G replaced by a sealed new one.....Thats superb after sales service from flipkart....they surely know how to satisfy consumer...... 
Am really happy and pleased with that kind of after sales service...already bought goods worth Rs.40 k form FK and will continue doing so because of this awesome service.... 
Totally satisfied with MOTO G now and now am going to buy a scratch gaurd for it.... 
THANX FLIPKART !!!one of the best smartphone under 20k, close your eyes and buy it if you are budget conscious.After having done lot of research on mobiles under 20k by reading reviews , browsing hundreds of different sites and checking out all the retail stores like Uni, Sangit, Giris, Chrom etc. I then finally decided to order it. Got the mobile on the next day as I called up customer care to do a fast Delivery. 
 
I have installed all the Apps i need but the performance is not slowing down at all. 
 
But since it comes with stock android several enhancement made by companies like LG , samsung or sony are missing. for e.g If you get Miss call or new Text message, the phone Icon or the message icon is not changed. I would like a number to be written on the icon. let say if you got 3 new unread text message i want the messaging icon to have a small number 3 written on it. But those things are not present. The same case goes with the Phone button. the icon are just like a link in.You have to fully rely and Depend on the top Screen notification only. 
 
Also i find that the UI has missed so many Basic enhancement. Sorting out contact numbers, etc. 
 
But still its a good phone and value for Money. 
 
Even Morotola are surprised for their sales. Also there is one big shop in Jayanagar 3rd block who sale phone screen guard, back cover, touch panel, etc. The Guy told me he got about 30 new Moto G customer daily. Flipkart and Motorola didnt release their exact figures but im sure it's a revenue generator. 
 
I've joined the league and became the Proud Owner of MOTO G ... YAY YAY !!!!!Some hopefully useful info.Once in a while Google releases a phone that sets the standards for other phone manufacturers to follow, the Nexus 4 was one such phone and the Moto G is another. 
 
Spent a few minutes today with my colleagues phone (who bought it from US), the display is just beautiful, it has very smooth display movement and the phone just makes you want to hold it longer. It would suit men and women equally well. I will not go thru the specs, its everywhere, try gsmarena for detailed specs. 
 
The limitations are : no external storage, no NFC and no 4G. 
 
I believe the prices you see on back covers and flip covers are already 70% discounted, try checking the prices on the US websites. 
 
Benefits we are getting from buying in India - charger, headphones, dual sim. In the US version you dont even get these. 
 
I did see other Indian brand cell phones with better specs for the same price range in website smartprix but you have the see the benchmark results in the website fonearena to know what you are really paying for and where this phone stands among its higher priced international competitors. 
 
I ordered my 16 GB version today, I guess flipkart must have received hundreds of orders in a very short period to go out of stock within in half an hour. They're probably back ordering for more, check flipkart once in a while. 
 
Hopefully there are enough Motorola service centers in India if one should need it. 
 
Both the 8GB and 16 GB are available in flipkart, just scroll down the page till you see the choice. 
 
Hope this info helps. 
 
What can I say... Hello Moto :-)BOUGHT IT !.I JUST BOUGHT IT...I JUST COULDN'T RESIST. 
Though I have my exams on my head I was getting distracted because of this phone...Now that I have ordered this I can now study peacefully. 
Pros 
- Best Dispay Ever and has Great sunlight legibility. 
- Corning Gorilla Glass 3 
- Amazing battery life...only 230 mAH less than Nexus 5 
- Of the few devices with kitkat. 
- Loudest speakers 
- Secondary mic 
- International phone..availability of several ROM's 
- Not at all laggy ,can play any android game you throw at it at least at medium settings 
- still's google's boy..(it takes a long time , half a year or so to tranfer such large acquisitions) 
- Is a hit like Nexus series of devices. 
 
Cons 
- Bad camera quality..be it day or night. 
- no microsd expansion. even nexus and LG G2 do not have it. 
- lil thick ,but that doesn't matter. 
 
It's not worth to invest in any expensive phone..they always get replaced by new flagships within 6 months by almost all brands. Even Note3/S4/G2 do not have a kitkat as of now. 
Tech is moving at ultra high speed...the best phone we had two years ago was Samsung's S2..now where does it stand against a mid-range phone like moto g (spare the camera). and high end devices like Note 3...so, even Note 3 or S5 wouldn't stand a chance against future phones which shall be released in 2016 or 2017 ( maybe they will be then still be named like S6 or S7,S8 or G4 , G5 or even Note 5 ,so on ) 
so , its good (maybe great) to settle for a mid range phone like this which nearly performs pretty well. 
I will update my review later . 
see you all.The Beast!!!!....I started looking for a gud smartphone in late December last year ...after a while I had settled on the nexus 4... Wen I started seeing posts about the moto g coming to India soon...so I waited and found out dat it was releasing on 6 the at 12...but I had some work dat night and I forgot bout it..and da next day I saw dat it was out of stock ...at first I was disappointed but I realized it meant dat the phone was receiving a very gud response....BUT I DID NOT READ THE NOTICE BOUT IT CUMIN TO STOCK DAT AFTERNOON...I check back later and this time I was taken aback ..man this was srsly not cool...so while I was deciding whether to wait fr it ...the book button came up and I booked it on 9th at 9:36 pm...I had a feeling dat fk would not take 10 days so I was patient fr DA first few days..but dat did not stop me from check in the status every 30 mins..then on the 12th I received the turquoise shell which I had ordered also...then on the 14 the I started seeing reviews dat ppl who booked on 7 were receiving it ..so I knew it was cumin soon...then I found out dat ppl who ordered it on 12 also were receiving it...so I called cc..kept reading reviews and started checking the shipping status every 10 mins....finally on 17 the I got the message telling me dat my order was shipped...I was delighted and it said I cud expect it by 19...from my previous experiences with fk I knew dat i would get o. 18 the but It came on 19..only...and then behold ...on my palm lay a small white box aid green sides....I opened the seal and voila...I was staring at an amazing phone...the back cover was soft...and the front was jet black...the buttons were tactile and ergonomic.... Then I power on the phone to be greeted by an amazing display.....omg it was stunning...after I setup the phone...I tried the moto apps in it then decided to do the migrate ...to find dat it wasn't compatible with my 3GS...so I did them all manually....dat night I put like 5gb of downloads and 2 GB of songs on queue....and battery was at 85% then in the morning the downloads were done and there was still 25% battery...DAT is pretty gud but the phone was quite hot after dat .....then I went out and tested the Camera ...like others I feel it cud have been better but the 5 mp shooter was very good wen taking photos with HDR and gud light....after all photography is all about light and angle...the 3g speeds were also pretty impressive...so were the 2g....the speaker is a BOOMBOX of its own...man its awesome... and the earphones of Motorola ,though made of plastic and having a cheap feel ...were not very bad with sound quality...not great but some tin is better than nothing..as the american model does not even contain one....and charger .(no comments)..those ppl who r whining about. The lack of USB cable r ...Idk..nutcracks?in this age almost everyone has a USB cable ..get your lazy butt of the couch and look for it...The Gaming is jus Marvelous ..jeez,I never noticed it lag in my 10 days of use...the Ram was quite dissapointing..but seeing the prize it is a very decent spec...Overall the phone is a beast....it looks jus like the moto x ....and one thing...if u like the nexus 5 kitkat launcher over the stock one...jus download it from androidpolice.... 
Jus buy it ppl its something DAT anyone can buy and use happilyBest phone I have ever used.Firstly, I think it is unfair to blame Flipkart for being the phone out of stock. They tried their best to launch the phone on time but due to an unprecedented demand the product went out of stock in minutes. I booked the product at 12 and was delivered on time, thanks to an amazing service by Flipkart. Keep up the good work. 
 
Next about the Motorola G 16GB version that I have been using for the past 3 days after it was delivered. What can I say !!! Moto G has blown my mind away. What a brilliant phone. Feels solid, looks classy, when I hold it I feel like I am holding a premium phone like the Nexus. The display is great, uses stock android so no unnecessary skins...Battery life is amazing, photo quality is pretty good...I think it is an unbeatable phone at this price category.. Motorola has always been a company known for its high quality products and they have done it again....I think it is much more sturdier and stable than Samsung or any other Indian mobile phones available in the market which conks off in a matter of 6 months.... 
 
I have heard a lot of people saying that it is another chinese phone after Motorola has been taken over by Lenovo. Critics will always be critics. Every product is assembled in China these days even an Iphone !! So guys grow up...Plus this is product is not outsourced to any other company for its manufacturing but the pack says that Motorola Mobility China is manufacturing it, so in fact Motorola China and not an outside company is manufacturing this phone which essentially means Google is still in charge. 
 
The only flip side is the memory...16GB can be less at times and Motorola should seriously consider having an expandable memory version. 
 
Overall I would give it a rating of 9 on 10...I am very happy with the phone and at this price point this is anyday a better bet than shitty Samsung phones..Buy this you wont repent it !!!I'm ecstatic..This is my first smartphone, and I think I have chosen wisely! It's fast, like blazing fast if you're used to Samsung phones like Galaxy Grand. 
Here's my test: 
I was on a phone call, was typing a conversation on skype, was receiving pings over whatsapp, while a game was being installed through the App Store, and I had Gmail, Chrome and Hangouts running in background. I minimize, switch to Gmail, archive mails, switch to whatsapp, respond to friends, switch to browser and browse through the tabs, and literally no waiting time while doing any of it! 
The battery seems pretty decent. It lasted me almost a whole day with all these moderate apps running, and 3G turned on at all times. 
Camera, while not of very high resolution, is speedy and responsive. The front camera is ideal for video calls, and the camera app has a cool feature of Slo-Motion video. It is really quirky ad playful, I liked it! 
Coming to Flipkart, they had my morning elated by delivering the phone 2 days prior to the promised delivery date. Good job, guys! 
 
Verdict: If you're waiting to buy it, do not wait anymore.Great phone.Using the phone for slightly over a month. Overall very satisfied. 
 
Pros: 
1. Great display. Very sharp and quite bright. 720p is probably ideal resolution for phones. No point in 1080p which will drain battery faster and require faster GPU to run games. Sharpness wise I can't notice the difference (compared with friend's nexus 5). 
2. Very fast - almost zero lag. This is probably the biggest difference I noticed coming from Lg optimus 2X. 
3. Never crashes or hangs. 
4. Camera is good for taking photos in daylight. The HDR option makes the colors look great. 
5. USB OTG works out of the box even with KitKat update without any rooting or installing third party apps. 
6. Great built quality. Feels nice to hold. 
7. Good enough battery life. I am not a very heavy user so the phone lasts almost two days with WIFI on and few apps like gmail, facebook, whatsapp, and another mail running in background all the time. This is a big improvement from my old LG optimus 2X that used to last just half a day with wifi on and the same apps running. 
8. Gorilla Glass 3. No need to put any screen guard and no worry about scratches. Have been using the LG optimus 2X (which had gorilla glass 1) for about 3 years without any screen gaurd and there is not a single scratch - which means gorilla glass really works. It also means I handle my phone with care :-). This is the biggest advantage over local brand phones (like XOLO and Micromax). 
 
Cons: 
1. No micro SD slot. I don't use dual SIM so it would have been great if they had a micro-SD slot instead of the second SIM. 
2. Non-removable battery. Not sure what will happen when the battery dies and need to be replaced. My another concern was what to do if the phone hangs (I am coming from LG optimus 2X which frequently hangs), but so far it has never hanged even once so that is not really a problem. 
3. Display is almost perfect but has a slight bluish tinge. This is not a major issue - many online reviews have also pointed out this problem. 
4. Camera performance in low light is poor. Worse than my old phone (Lg Optimus 2X). 
5. Average battery life with WIFI turned off. Turning wifi off doesn't seem to improve battery life much. Still lasts for only two days. My LG optimus 2X (with rooted ROM/kernel) used to last for almost 4 days. 
 
Despite all cons, I would still rate this phone 5/5 as it's priced at half of what high end phones cost and the differences are very minor. 
 
People would compare with local brand phones which have similar specs and priced about the same (or even slightly cheaper), but in my opinion the screen quality and gorilla glass protection easily makes the moto g the best phone in this price range.Not bad as well as not good :).Received the device today. 
Few observations: 
This device is OK but not great, i.e. Just OK for the price paid. 
The Phone seems to be looking good. The display is fine and the screen resolution, speed seems to be alright. 
The Delivery from Flipkart is awesome. 
Cons: 
There are no buttons i.e. back button etc are in the display touch screen itself and consumes at least .5 inches of the display therefore the effective display is only 4 inches :( . ( in all the other devices these buttons are not part of the display screen therefore you will have bigger viewing area). 
The charger gets heated very heavily while charging and not sure if this is a problem with the piece I received. 
The phone takes very long time to charge! 
The Music /sound output is below average when I compare with my old Samsung Wave II ( Even with a good Sennheiser headset ). 
The earphones provided with the box are below average ( Its better not to use them) 
There is no data cable as well. 
All in all its slightly better than Samsung galaxy S Duos 2. Nothing great.Better than the best.Ordered this fone as wifey passed CS two days ago....Guess what....Got it delivered today morning...awesome...delivery that too on a public holiday....Three Cheers Flipkart....Good to have your logistics division 
 
I bought Sony Xperia ZR (white) on ebay for 24 grand a few days back 
 
First Few Hours of the fone - Moto G 
 
Feel - Strong and Sturdy...reminds me of good old Nokia phones till Microsoft installed Elop as CEO of Nokia as a Trojan to screw the company and sell it to MS for a pittance...(Samsung u r still plasticky) 
 
Display - Puts my sony zr to shame 
 
Camera - Outdoor and Indoor (with lighting) is really good. Only if you zoom the pictures do you realise that sony has a better camera but in regular viewing this wins hands down 
 
Responsiveness - Awesome ...butter smooth 
 
Memory ...got around 12.75 Gb out of 16GB so not bad(dont even think of buying 8GB) 
Would have preffered a external memory slot (mainr eason i bought sony over htc) but for wifeys usage it is enough and now lot of CLOUD storage is there...Dropbox is the best app...period 
 
Moto Migrate - The Best ...software to transfer all your existing andriod data from another fone.... Just download the software in your old phone and scan the QR code...Viola ....everything is transffered within minutes...This feature is awesome...Butter Smooth...Take a break...kit kat break :) in the meanwhile 
 
Rest am awaiting for a micro sim and hence cant say but at nearly half the price of Xperia ZR and smiliar models it is toooo good to resistA Great Moto After A Long Time.I am writing my review after using this brand new Moto G after a week. I am a tech and this is an accurate review. 
 
Display 
Wonderful display that produsupe thrb colors. The display is very bright eed. The touch is super responsive. It packs a nice Corning Gorilla Glass which really works. I dropped it waist high by accident and not even a scratch. Amusing display. The images are razor sharp with an excellent PPI. 
 
Processor and performance 
The phone breezes on android KitKat which came out of the box for me. The phone is very responsive though the multitasking between gravy apps is a little sluggish. Web browsing is speedy using Chrome and pinching and refreshing is smooth. The 1Gb ram is sufficient for the daily functioning. 
 
Camera 
The camera is 5 MP but don't go by megapixels as the camera is fast with a great interface and decent quality. It did excellent in day light shots and is okay in night shots. Slow motion video is a cool feature. 
 
Battery 
A 2070MaH battery is amazing. It can't be removebeaindeed do you even want to? It has a large battery backup that is the best in class. No regrets about the battery as the phone lasted me for the whole day on 2G and little Wi-Fi. The phone still had 10% to go. 
 
Android KitKat 
The phone looks beautiful indeed thanks to the stock KitKat experience. The phone will mostly get the fastest updates. Even though Lenovo bought Moto, this phone is still A Made By Google amazing phone. 
 
Must buy. Don't fall for Canvas Magnus or any other phone for the same price. This phone packs the right punch of amazing specs. Buy it with confidence! 
 
Moto X, come soon with an amazing price!very high level phone in low budget.very god phone dont compare with other of same price by configuration moto g has hidden execellent feature which u cant find on another phone .. 
1. support otg cable - u can play game like gta by connecting mouse, keyboard and external hard drive upto 2TB and pendrives, supports ext dongle(if phone is rooted ) 
2..very good graphics, prosessors , ram truly good 
3..camera is okk not execellent at this price ,front camera is more clear than back camera (personal view) on low light ,,flash is superb (at night no need of bulb at home save electricity also ,graet for rural areas where light problem(for bihar reason-NITISH GOVT,) not useful where 100% electicity available( GUJRAT REASON -NAMO MODI) ABKI BAR MODI SARKAR 
4.. gorilaa glass 3 is not superb some scraches is apear by normal use 
5..very big demerit the phone is not rooted( problem for only deep user who do very drasting thing) 
6. look and design is superb phone remains new over a century no scraches 
7..not all feature of anroid 4.4.2 (kitkat) is given like nexsus 5 and goggole now working rate is about 50% 
8.*****BIG DEMERIT U CANT USE INTERNET OVER ONLY 3G MODE the mode is only 3g preferred or 2g preferred some network automatically changes to edge (maximum time) 
9..durabilty of the phone is big concern means problem may occur in hardware in 6 to 5 months (expected) speaker crcking is the major problem in this phone nt all piece selected one 
10.great service by flipkart by terms and policy bt delivery is too late 
11.. dont buy external cover and flip cover waste of money not needed or buy from mother sites available at 400( good quality)Moto G.A Grate phone for all you spend you get much more. Well I got the 16GB Which makes more sense as the difference in about 1500/-. Well the phone is fast. Clean UI not like the other Android phone out there where the manufacture creates there own skin for the interface I belive that is why a phone would you more of its power in order to run both the base android as well as the skin. Well many people would say oh they have not give a memory card slot. I feel it better then the memory in on the phone the expandable. You see it it take more time to read. For instance take a look at your computer when you read for you hard drive which is on the computer thats the fastest you can get. But when you read or write to a CD DVD BL Pen drive hard drive its not as fast. have done loads of tests to find out the difference. Besides I had 2 phone then ran with external memory cards. In short the phone would be slow, at times it would hang at times it would fail to read form the memory card slot. etc. 
But this is subjective to what I have see. (Have used a HTC, Sony NOKIA) 
had problems in all these make with the memory card slotDelightful &amp; Must have Mobile.First of All to all waiting &amp; worried buyers. I've booked 16 GB model on 08.02.14 and got the delivery on 18.02.14 i.e. exactly after 10 days. So Flipkart delivered as promised 
 
Now about phone. There are lots of reviews available on net &amp; FK parsing this phone and it does live up to the expectations and price. By now everyone knows the plus points of this phone. 
Display and hardware are excellent and handset look is also premium. Anyone will be proud owner of this handset. 
 
Now some cons of this phone. 
Though it has 4.4 (Kitkat update). Still the Touch flow and customized OS 4.3 on Samsung mobiles is much better compared to MOTO G. 
There are some minor features and widget customization missing on this phone. e.g. one has to link all the contacts manually for multiple accounts like Google, Facebook, Microsoft exchange. Each contact needs to be edited in order to join them. One plus point though it doesn't have the limitation of 5 or less contacts for joining. 
The small but popular widgets on Samsung mobiles like calender/ weather/ speed dial are missing. (Though they are available on Play store). 
 
 Overall a best phone @ Rs. 14K and worth the waiting period of 10-20 days.Best budget phone,and it really packs a punch!.First of all thank you Flipkart for speedy delivery and good packaging even amidst such demand for this product. 
I fell in love with the phone as soon as i placed it on my hand. It felt so comfortable and felt much like a premium product than a budget phone. 
 
Pro's 
&gt;Very high quality processor and GPU which can multitask and render high end games without any lag whatsoever. 
&gt;1GB RAM 
&gt;Awesome build quality 
&gt;Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection 
&gt;Very good HD display 
&gt; Awesome battery life 
&gt;Android 4.4.2 Kitkat update 
&gt;Motorola assist app which transfers all the data from your old phone to the new one. 
&gt;I live in a region where the network coverage is low,but after buying Moto G there seems to be no such problem. 
&gt;50GB Google Drive storage space for 2 years. 
 
Cons 
&gt;Camera is decent but not exceptional( PS:It is just a budget phones,they had to sacrifice something) 
&gt;Default camera app is not that good,you can find plenty of third party apps from the play Store. 
&gt;Non-removable battery (Battery life is exceptional but if you are a sort of guy who keeps 2 batteries with you for emergencies it is not possible with this product) 
 
All in all Moto G is the BEST Smartphone in this price range,and it can be compared to Nexus 4 and Galaxy S3 in terms of performance,both of which are priced much higher.Moving from Blackberry to this was the best decision.Influenced by a lot of users who own a Samsung Galaxy series phone, dad had his eyes on the Grand 2, after finally seeing that people are moving away from Blackberrys and moving on to Android. It was just in time when the Moto G was launched and reading on all the reviews posted on the internet, I was sure that this is THE phone to buy him. The phone is just about the right size and the screen is pretty good. Sure, using the iPhone 4S myself, I was expecting the camera to be not as good as the 4S, but the camera quality seemed to be OK with dad, but definitely not with me. The Touch screen experience was not new to him (He used a BB 9700, which was a touch-and-type phone), but did take a while to get used to. He was amazed at the number of useful apps on Google Play and his contacts, etc did not take too long to be sync'd with Google and magically appearing the moment he finished setting up the phone 
 
I am sure this has been said hundreds of times earlier, and even I think that this is the best VFM phone with the specs 'that matter' as opposed to other manufacturers who want to play the numbers game. 
 
Pros: 
Pure android experience (I used to own a Nexus 1 earlier) 
Build quality is pretty solid 
The size of the phone is just perfect 
The specs actually matter, rather than just throwing in numbers and hiking up prices 
 
Cons: 
No SD card slot 
Camera leaves a lot to be desired (again, as compared to the iPhone 4S) 
Should have been made available by a lot more sellers, rather than just Flipkart to avoid such a mad rush. 
 
Scary bits: 
Moto's website says there is a service center in Vashi, but Moto after sales service has never been triedBest phone in this range.First of all this review is about the phone only ,as far as flipkart services are concerned the product was delivered with in 5 days of purchase in good packing and logistics services were just fine 
Now the product: 
1) Build: The build is firm and smooth the screen has corning gorilla glass 3 making it scratch proof and shiny ,but beware the screen can get broken if directly falls on hard material otherwise the responsiveness and display is excellent,the back has hard plastic cover of motorola design which feels premium and a bit hard to take out 
 
2)Display; 720p HD display is excellent and works almost at all viewing angles,the 4.5 screen is big enough for a hard core user like me in this price range from a trusted brand. 
 
3)Hardware: 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad Core Processor and 1 GB RAM work together to make this product perform very well,in fact I did not expect such a smooth performance from this budget phone ,multitasking,gaming ,working on apps is better ,though at times some lags do occur and pinch to zoom in browsing does give a bit of glitch but that's ignorable considering overall price tag and specs. 
 
4) Software: perhaps the best thing about being an ex-Google company ,motorola moto g has got software's updates at first place with the likes of nexus 5,android 4.4.2 kitkat has lower requirements thus making the phone operations smooth and just,along with that the battery performance is very good lasting a full day for a hardcore user with lots of gaming ,3g internet and calls. 
 
5) Camera: 5 MP Primary Camera and 1.3 MP Secondary Camera,if you are expecting performance of camera similar to the performance of phone get ready to get disappointed,very poor camera it doesn't behave like a 5 mp shooter,the interface is OK but picture quality is below average specially those of indoor pictures, and video recording is almost average 
 
Pros; 
1) Good call quality:Dual sim variant is what is shipped in India and it works well :) 
2) Well built 
3) Buyer gets much more than other phones at least double the cost. 
4) Very good performance and interface 
5)Smooth multitasking,lag free gaming and streaming 
6) Beautiful display. 
7)Bang for the buck 
Cons: 
1) very poor camera 
2) Limited Storage:12 gb is available for the user in 16 gb model so if you have a lot of apps,media,games and files you shall have to use 50gb free for 2 years google cloud service,but the 12 gb on phone is sufficient for an average user 
3)No LTE(ya,as if that matters is india :P) 
4)No NFC 
Overall if you want a budget phone which is very good in built ,runs smooth ,dont care about camera,and an android phone this phone is best in under 25k range.Do you think it is value for Money?.Yes, but not a great experience. I order on 11th march got it next day 3.30(12th march).hats of Flipkart facilities, I will give 10 out of 10 for their service. Let me share my five days experience with this phone .The phone is really a better design and performance and also the phone is compared with some high end phones like Samsung S4, Nexus5 .Yes of course, it is deserve it. Better design with quality. But realized that after charging the phone the charger become very hot but after that become normal from second charge. Now no issue with the charger. But I am disappointed when I am not found the Data cable from the box. Yes there no Cable with the phone, somehow I managed with my old Samsung Data cable and also the worst quality Head phones. I am really not going use that Head Phone, very bad quality of sound. 
Let me tell about the Phone by points. 
1.	Design: beautiful look, you will really like this. 
2.	Performance,Hardware: good. 
3.	Camera: fine for normal usage. 
  1. No Data Cable.2. Net connection is disconnected in between the use. Not able to connect once again so need to restart the phone. Then it works. 3. Buy 16 GB &ndash;because the default installed application will take 3GB space from the memory.Over all it is very good. New Android OS Kit Kat and it gives the Great performance .Camera is good.You can play best Games and no hang while playing. Finally Moto G scores 7.7 out of 10.Reasons to buy this and not.The phone indeed is the most rated by professionals... 
The most appealing in this phone is what you get out of the box at this price... 
 
Really, Although this phone really looks appealing in the specs sheet, I found this phone more appealing in some other ways. 
- Slow motion video recording, a feature in IOS7 camera OS 
- Moto assist and Migrate. The migrate helped me in transferring the whole data from my old phone, including account details, contacts, etc etc within seconds. 
- The Kitkat OS, fluid, no need install any other Launchers.The quick launching of camera, Lockscreen widgets, Battery saving Navigation and Location are just awesome! 
- The sturdy body of this phone is really impressive. Unlike the plastics used by other brands, Moto uses plastic with some quality... 
-Nano coating over hardware components which makes this chap resistant from Splash 
- Corning Gorilla glass 3 makes it smash + scratch resistant..(saves you some bucks from Screenguard) 
-Auto brightness controller, which lacks in most of the other phones in this price range.. 
- 328 PPI display ~ Iphone 5S 329 PPI, even with larger screen! Impressive 
 
Reasons for not buying: 
These are really minor reasons (the unexpandable memory is not really an issue) but 
- does not support 4G LTE (for us in India, even 3G is not available in most of the areas) 
- The camera is 5mp, though takes impressive images in daylight. 
- Sound quality when on loudspeaker is not so good, but okay...( is really loud) but on headset, the speaker is the best in class.. 
 
 Verdict: 
- Moto G is a device often compared with high end models in terms specs...even it fails with flagship phones, when it comes in usage, specs don't really matter...(eg: 1gb in Moto G does its job beautifully)...It smooth, flawless, swift for daily use to HD gaming..I swear. It runs Asphalt 8, Fifa 14 without any lag.Go for it! A bang for the buck...Expectional Phone.First of all, Thanks for Flipkart for delivering in less than 2 days of ordering. Now coming to phone, one of the awesome phone ever to come with that prize bracket. Nice build design along with Gorilla glass which is very rugged and smooth sharp display. The Power and Volume button are little bumped, but that's ok. Sound clarity is good. Music plays pretty smooth. 
 
I know that there has been many talking about the camera in this phone. But when i first took pics from this phone i was suprised by the quality of the pics taken in well lit conditions. The pics came very good. The only problem is that the pics doesnt come good when taken in moderately lit condition or at night. 
 
My Phone came with Kitkat pre-installed. Kit kat runs buttery smooth. No lag and no delays. I have some problem now and then with the default caller app.Other than that everything runs smooth. 
 
Another important drawback with this phone is the restriction of only 16GB memory. 
 
When you consider what you get against what you lose, then phone is definitely a steal for the money that you are paying. 
 
My first phone was Motorola and now my 3rd one is Motorola again. Hope to see few more great motorola phone in the market when they work alongside Lenovo.The best budget phone I've ever used..So, I bought this phone on the 19th of april and flipkart delivered it by the 21st, for which I love them. 
I opened the box and registered the product and all, but soon came to realize that it had a screen problem, the phone was tending to have GHOST touches which really bugged me. i contacted motorola support who suggested that I give the phone to a service center, but instead I contacted flipkart for a replacement. They did a hand to hand replacement within the next few days and till now I have not had a single problem with the phone. 
Coming to the pros and cons:- 
Pros- 
1. A quad core processor, ensures a smooth response. 
2. 1gb ram adds to the flow. 
3. 4.4 KitKat update that provides better battery life and a smoother phone. 
4. 5MP cam which is enough for good photographs. 
5. A minimalistic notification light, helps to know unread and pending notifs. 
Cons- 
1. Does not have and special features like the MOTO X. 
2. A bit heavier. 
3. Not a very good battery life. 
4. some of the products suffer from bugs. 
In the end I would suggest all those looking for a budget phone to go for this, and do not hesitate to contact flipkart if you have a problem. they are very kind and patient people and will help you out as much as they can. I have not found such exceptional service from any other online or offline stores.Light, Fast and Awesome.Bought this after a lot of people recommended it to be the best android phone on the market at that price range. Although was put under the waiting list, was surprised to receive it in 5 days. The phone is very smooth yet handy, very light weight when compared to other phones, and meets all expectations upon a smart phone. 
 
The experience is quite fast though scrolling is slow at times. Limited with only 16gigs of storage (actually around 13 gigs usable), I am pretty choosy on the apps I install. Though the reviews keep your expectations low for the camera, it is not that bad at all. The audio is quite good though am yet to try out the headphones. 
 
Overall, if you are looking at the 15k price range, will not need to carry a lot of stuffs on the mobile or use hundreds of apps, this is the best smart phone you could ever buy. 
 
Update: After using it for nearly a month, the main problem with this phone is the battery/charging. I have to charge it twice a day, though i usually end up charging ~80% every time. Not just the charge doesn't last long, but also the charging up rate seems to be slow.Fantastic value for money..It is such a great device at just Rs. 13,999/ (16GB). Didn't actually expect such a great display and stable performance at such a low cost. Perfect size, great display clarity, premium build quality which doesn't feel cheap. Camera is just average I feel. Bought it from Flipkart from WS retail. Delivery was flawless and arrived on time. Immediately after switching on, got Kik Kat update. Expandable memory would be a welcome feature. Trying to buy Motorola flip covers, but not available. All out of stock. Flipkart, please make them available soon. 
 
Before buying, some retailers were trying to discourage me by saying so many negative things about buying from Flipkart and other online stores. Didn't care and went ahead. Pleasantly surprised at the great service. Samsung should learn a lesson from Motorola about how to build good devices and make them affordable too. Planning for Galaxy S4, but it feels flimsy when compared to Moto G. S4 has a fantastic 5 inch screen, though at more than double the price. 
 
Bottom line: If you are looking at a best value for money phone with great display, just buy this phone. As simple as that.I am not satisfied with the camera.Just bought it from Flipkart.The first lot seems to be awesome but I am suspecting after Lenovo took over the Camera module hardware or software has been compromised. Camera is not even as good as Micromax Magnus in this one. 
My friend who brought the Moto G in second lot has a great camera we compared it with mine and mine sucks. 
Guys Moto G is pretty good in most aspects but camera I am damn sure Lenovo has replaced the good quality one with a cheap Chinese one.Pathetic pictures ,A white paper photo comes pink. Any small movement in the photo makes pic blur. 
If you want ease of User interface go for Samsung but for overall product go for Micromax Magnus,Canvas 4 or Turbo. 
 Everything else seems good but this surely is not Motorola cos camera is buggy and works horrible indoors. 
 
After 25 days I would suggest keep away from this phone.The replaced Moto G was pathetic and has issues keeping the network signal . It would show the signal but not working.Internet will often go down and had to restart the phone.My voice was not audible to the other person and this happened for everyday finally switched back to my Samsung lost an International interview for this. 
One good thing is Flipkart return policy which is awesome and they agreed to return this crap.Just Screen and Processor do not make a phone the technology and software do it Motorola.The best phone in India right now.If you're planning to buy a new phone, don't think twice, just go for the Moto G. At 14k, this is pretty much the best phone that you can buy, considering that the other phones that fall within this range are Xolo, Micromax, and the really bad Samsungs and HTCs. 
 
The packaging is ultra-minimalist. The Indian box comes with the wall charger and a cheap headset. But who's looking at all that, it's the phone that matters. And it is S.L.E.E.K. The matte back cover is a nice touch. Takes a bit of wrestling to get it off the first time. Then you'll figure out that it becomes much easier if you press down on the Moto Dimple. 
 
The phone feel a tiny bit heavy in the hand, and the cam is not all that great, in-fact it's very limited. And the phone doesn't really respond to &quot;Ok Google&quot; because of the limited processor. But at again, at 14k, I'm totally cool with it. Moto have wisely stayed away from customizing the Android experience, too much. In fact, it almost feels like a Nexus. The customizations stay pretty much out of sight. And with the KitKat upgrades that are now rolling out, this awesome phone becomes even more awesome. Oh, forgot to mention the REALLY loud speakers. 
 
Best thing I like about the MotoG: The display. Colours just pop out, and the black is really Black. And that's the first thing that everyone notices about my phone when they try it out. &quot;Wow, the display is really nice.&quot; is something I've heard a lot in the past few weeks. 
 
Motorola Migrate makes it super easy to move from your old phone to the Moto G. It comes pre installed in this. Just get it from your app store, and follow the instructions. It connects both the phones over an adhoc WiFi connection and transfers whatever it is that you want to transfer. 
 
Seriously, just get it already.Junior Nexus :) :).First of all I reserved this phone when it said it will take 10-20 days to be delivered and it took 5 days to reach me so 5 Start FlipKart.. keep rocking.. greate service.. 
 
I have been using this for 3-4 days now and the experience so far is AWESOME..! Best phone you can buy in this range.. and even upto 24K.. Got the Kitkat update as soon as I connected to Wifi.. it is no less than Nexus in performance wise either. HD 720p display makes it a great video display screen. It is water proof, scratch proof.. 1 GB RAM. Asphalt 8 works without a single lag on High Graphics settings. What else you need.. That too in 14K. 
I have seen in reviews that Moto G camera is poor. I can deny that because I have take some pics in my house in the night and they've come out much better and upto the highest level of a 5MP can deliver.. In day light you get even better pictures.. More importantly it servers the purpose of a camera on the go because there is hardly anybody who uses a mobile camera as a primary camera.. 
 
Now coming to I won't use the word bad here though.. 
1. The Headphones which are supplied with this are very poor in sound quality. Once can understand that it is only for Indian market(as far as I know) and it is not being supplied with the box in US/UK or elsewhere 
2. The calling quality - the speaker is also sometimes you will feel isn't clear as it should be but very much manageable and I can rate it 7 out of 10 so that is also good. 
 
GO for it before it is SOLD OUT.. And if you have a bigger budget around 22K then wait for MOTO X to release in India..1. Awesome 2. AWEsome 3. AWESOME.For those reading this review to buy a Moto G: 
SCROLL UP, AND CLICK 'BUY NOW'................!!! 
 
For the rest: 
 
THROW YOUR OLDER PHONES AND 
SCROLL UP, AND CLICK 'BUY NOW'................!!! :D 
 
This is AWESOME!!! 
 
I got a 16GB. Just 1.5k more for another 8 GB isn't bad at all. 
The build quality is great!! Another Nokia as far as toughness is concerned. Really sturdy. 
 
Slim, and grip is great; even for sweaty hands. 
Kitkat is available. Its awesome. Camera is optimal if you aren't that into photography. 
Mine came with a decent ear phones. There isn't any data cable in box. Also the charger can't be used as USB charger. You'll need a USB cable for USB charging. 
 
Interface is much like the Nexus 5. Android doesn't need more explanation. 
Battery life is awesome. Display is awesomer. 4.5&quot; is enough for anyone and everyone. Need a bigger screen, go buy a tab!!! Dorks!!! 
The display resolution is excellent thanks to IPS and a high PPI. (its higher than iPhone 4) 
 
For those who are worrying for the 'Motorola' tag, don't worry. The build quality is as good as Nokia's. And as of now, Motorola Mobility, the company which made this cell, is owned by Google. So the quality is exceptional. 
 
Don't know what more to mention, so just read the specs (if you can't believe, read the specs again), compare it with any cellphone from Earth, Mars or Heaven, and you'll realize that this is better than all of them, and then go for it. 
 
This one got sold out in first 15 minutes (thats 20k Moto Gs) of its launch!!!!!!!! And you still have to read a review!!!!Moto is Back.One of my friend who works for Moto Mobility in the US of A had just told me Moto G - &quot;Its made for India&quot; and it truly is. 
Budget, spec, sturdiness and everything you can think of. 
 
This phone: Well nothing much to say about it. If you want to buy a true value for money device in less than 20K range; here we go this is it. No Gimmick No high funda specs. MOTO brings you a wonderful phone with the best in category performance. Smoothest touch, wonderful screen, beautiful body line, extraordinary finish quality (Unlike the recycled plastic Samsungs). Almost pure Droid version is lovely to use. Some amazing apps by moto. Kitkat update as soon as you connect the phone to Wi Fi. 
 
Hope to see you a great product life cycle as earlier Motos. From green colored single line displays through Moto mings, pebbles and razors to Moto G and Moto Xs. What a sustainability. 
Plus special mention - Great going Google.. Three cheers for Moto + Google... 
Beware Samsung and others. The pioneers of mobility are back with G &amp; X. 
 
Cons: I would have been happier if there was in the ear type earphones but that's not the reason someone would buy a phone for anyway there are I Pods for it.More then I expected..In just one line : 'I am in love with this mobile'.... 
I was never a smart phone lover. but a touch on moto G made me through. Using internet on phone were never so easy for me as it it now. 
I lost my Samsung grand (2 months old).. Actually it got stolen.. I was very upset about it. BUT Now I would like to thank the thief , not coz he deserves it but coz I deserved this mind-blowing phone in my hand. 
 
All the specification and other technical details are with the product so don't need to explain it. 
 
I have given 4 star and the reason behind deducting 1 mark is if i use it for long time it gets heated alot . 
 
Filpkart U rocks. 
 
I ordered a MotoG on 4th april 
It reached to me on 5th april 
I used it for 15 days. 
I put it on charging for a long time one and i saw that the mobile has stopped working. 
I called filpkard. 
and without a thought only in ONE DAY they replaced my mobile and has given my a fresh moto G. 
 
I am sure no other site or shop would have make it better then this. I really appreciate filpkart. Thank you very much for making my trouble so easy.Best phone purchase ever.I have been one of the lucky few who got the phone within 3 days of ordering the same. Super fast service and a super mobile. What more can you ask for? 
 
I would like to state it on record that this is the best piece of mobile phone I have ever owned. I do not like to spend a lot on phones and this one being a Motorola and @ 14k I couldn't really resist. It was more of an impulse buy and a good one at that. I have cousins who purchase only flagship phones of major companies and even they really liked Moto G. The screen is a delight to look at even when you lower the brightness settings to a min. The interface is a breath of fresh air. Phone is more than just functional and looks really very classy, it is really very smooth and fast to operate. For the price you get a really very refined product. Since this is an online only purchase the number of people owning the same would be less. 
 
I am happy that I have acquired an excellent product from my most favorite cellphone company. 
 
My advice, just go ahead and reserve it while you still can. You will be really very happy with your purchase. A perfect 5* from me. 
 
I am grateful for the quick service by flipkart.An amazing phone at this price tag....First thing u will notice in this phone is it display. Sharp and vivid. The picture and videos that the 720p screen displays are sharp and detailed. You are not going to find a pixel in this display unless u r looking deliberately to find one. The build quality is also better than any phone in this range. It really fits in your hands and got nice grip too. 
 
The UI being stock android is buttery smooth thanks to the quad core processor and adreno graphics processor. You dont have to wait for an app to load up. Moto G as got nice speakers. The sound is crisp and clear. Battery life is exceptionally good for a smartphone with this configurations. I got more than a day worth of mixed use. 
 
Only con is the camera. The clarity is really bad and the picture took with it looks a blurry at the edges and the details are washed off. Also the camera app doesn't provide more controls. I thinks a future update can solve the issues. 
 
my verdict : everything except the camera is above the price point. U wont feel like you are using a 14k mobile. It looks and feels premium. 
 
And as usual service from Flipkart was the best. They have taken great care in bringing the mobile safely to one's hands. Really solid packaging.Google or Motorola's Moto G.Hiii friends I'm using moto G since Feb 2014. I Just want to share my Moto G experience with you all.. 
Moto G is the best High end mobile at mid-range price. You can't get a better mobile at this price. 
 
Better you go for 16gb because moto G don't have expandable memory. 
 
It have 4.5 inch HD Display with 329ppi resolution. So you can see the screen clearly even in the direct sunlight. It can play 720p videos and even 1080p videos can be played in MX player. 
 
With hangout you can message or you can make video call using hangout or skype. But you don't have 3g video calling option using mobile network. 
 
All high graphics games will be supported in this phone. Even high graphics games are being played without any lag at all. 
 
Adreno 305 gpu, 1.2Ghz snapdragon 400 Quad core processor makes the phone butter smooth. 
 
It has 5mp rear camera and 1.3mp front camera. It has HDR mode. Camera is decent but not as perfect as Samsung's 5mp camera clarity. 
 
It has 2070mAh battery which will last long up to 24 hours. So no problem to charging the phone often. 
 
Short key for restarting the phone: 
1.Power button + Volume up key 
Short key for Screenshot of the mobile's present screen: 
2.Power button + volume down key. 
 
If you want flipcover or backcover you can buy that also But Flipcover and back covers are costly and it is made up of plastic not looks like the black back cover provided with the mobile. 
 
It has coring gorilla glass 3 so you don't have to worry about the scratches. But Extra protection will be recommended. If you want a bubble free premium screen guard then go for gadgetshieldz website and 
 Select Screen Protection option in it. The Screen guard price is Rs.399 but use this coupon code &quot;adw20&quot; to get this at a reduced price of Rs.319. 
 
But I have some Network and Connectivity issue. 
So I asked for a Replacement from Flipkart they provided me the replacement. I'm really happy with that. Thanks to Flipkart. 
 
But I have OTG connection problem in this mobile I didn't see this OTG connection problem in my old moto G. 
While connecting otg cable sometimes my mobile gets switched off and some times it playing movies without any lag. But while unmounting It shows some strange message ( If you unmount the usb storage, some apps you are using will stop and maybe unavailable untill you remount the usb storage) 
 
Now I'm asking a solution for my issue with Flipkart. But I think I'm only facing this issue. 
But other than this the mobile is worth buying.Absolutely Amazing Phone!.At the outset, this phone is simply stunning. I have had it for the past 4 days now, and the experience has been truly satisfying. As far as the phone performance goes, it exceeds expectations on all fronts. The phone is sleek, fits snugly in the hand. The matt finish on the back ensures the phone doesnt slip away suddenly when held. Its light weight body doesnt heave down on your pockets when slipped in. Next comes the screen. What should I say? Simply stunning IPS display. The touch is exceedingly smooth, sliding screens across feels like cutting through butter. It hardly takes a touch and is really responsive. 326PPI pixel density ensures that videos are crystal clear, not to mention the 720P HD screen which really delivers a amazing screen viewing experience. The screen is Corning Gorilla Glass, though I would advise going for a screen guard as it can get scratched over time ( surprising, isnt it?). Andriod Version Kitkat makes the system really intuitive and it gives a mind blowing experience. This coupled with 1.2Ghz processor and 1GB ram makes the phone really fast. There is absolutely zero lag when running multiple apps or games. The best part about Kitkat is when you are turning the data connection on. Unlike Jelly bean where there was a lag time between clicking the data conection on and the data actually turning on, in Kitkat, the process is instantaneous. Click on Mobile data on and voila, it turns on that moment. That is a real boon! The real bummer is the fact that there is no battery %age display in Kitkat. you have to manually check it everytime by navigating to battery details. This is being fixed as I have heard or you could download any app ( batter doctor is one of them) to display battery %age. Snapdragon processor gives a power packed performance when it comes to playing games or running apps. I have tried running some heavy games and running multiple apps and I have not experienced any lag at all! So that is so,e good news for app hungry people or hard core gamers. Camera is excellent. 5Mp may not be sufficient for photograpy enthusiasts, but for normal users like me, it is more than what could be expected. I captured a lot of photos using my cam and photos are of excellent clarity. I havent tried my hands on low light photography using this cam, but since it comes with a really bright LED flash, I am not expecting it to be too bad either. 
 
Finally, the battery performance. 2050 mA battery is more than sufficient for daily use. For example, I recharged my battery to 100% yesterday morning at 7AM and have been using it since, without recharging in between. My mobile internet has been continuously on since yesterday and I have used moderate amount of internet.After a day's use of calling, light gaming and internet usage, it dropped to 35% by End of day and it currently stands at 15% (11.15 am next day). I am expecting the battery to go out in the next few minutes. This was a test run to calibrate how long battery lasts and based on my experience, it lasts for about 25 -30 hours with moderate data usage, calling and gaming. ( 3G usage may suck battery faster than expected). The real disappointment is lack of USB laptop connector to transfer data. That has to be bought sepearately ( I havent had time to get my hands on one and it is really pissing me off ). 
 
In a nutsheel, a must buy phone which delivers more than what other phones can offer at about 75% of the price. Considering brand motorola google, this phone is a best takeaway at a price of 14K. DO buy it and dont look any further. 
Cheers!Layman Review.Hi, 
 
With much content i write this review, after waiting to grab hold of this beauty by attending a month long wait of shipment in transit. 
 
Finally, i am four days old user with MOTO G. I would rather not keep my review technical; however as a user, my experience is ecstatic. I am totally satisfied with my purchase. this phone is a collaborative effort of - 
 
Motorola ( company to introduce the first mobile phone) + Google (The biggest tech giant on the online frontier) 
 
What could possibly go wrong? Nothing. 
 
The blend is amazing, as the phone rocks performance and is a do gooder in looks too. The screen is HD and music is okay as well. (only cracks up at full volume) 
 
Google is quite humble to provide an online space of 50GB for two years. Rejoice :) If not phone, you mood will wear off before the subscription ends. afterall, we have an attention span of a floy; the consumers. 
 
Overall, it is the best buy you get in the 20k range. extremly agile, understated yet worthy. This phone is a steal..Go for IT. 
 
Good Luck fellas.Best phone under Rs. 20000.I have been buying mobiles earlier in the range of 18-20K, as I always wanted though not great but reasonable good specs. But soon found out that Technology is changing very fast and it is foolish to invest so much in mobile which is going to be outdated in just 1-2 years. So, I shifted my focus to Indian brands like Xolo, Micromax and Karbounn. but could not find any worthwhile mobile. Then after reading Moto G review, which ticked almost parameters except Camera, I decided to wait for its launch in India. I decided to buy only if mobile is launched under Rs. 15000. And when flipkart launched it at around 12.00 am on 5-6-Feb night, i was one of the lucky few who could order 16 gb version. 
 
There is nothing to tell further on specs as they are best available in sub 20K range. I'll tell you what I liked most: 
 
1. Screen is stunning. It is the best part of the moto g. Color reproduction, visibility is direct sunlight is simply great. 
2. Performance is very good. There is no lag. Even high end games like Asphalt 8 runs without any lag in highest graphics mode. There is always ~400 mb RAM is free on my mobile. 
3. Battery is enough for a day and if you are not using internet you can stretch to 3-4 days. 
4. Android 4.4.2 update was launched within a week which was great. 
5. Moving from a Sony Xperia handset and since I used most of the Sony mobiles except Nokia 5800 xpress music, I was a bit apprehensive about sound quality. Sound quality of Sony mobiles is excellent. nothing come even close, not even Nokia 5800 which was a music phone. But Moto G is as good as Sony. 
6. Camera is definitely a negative for Moto G but not a deal breaker. Though it is a 5 mp camera, it does a great job. Camera quality is further improved after 4.4.2 update. As per me if you want to capture excellent photos then u should buy a DSLR not a phone. For general photography it does a good job. 
 
Conclusion: The only alternative is Nokia Lumia 720 which has slightly better camera. Even Samsung Grand 2 and Xperia C are over priced with only difference of camera which is not at all justifiable.worth the money !!.I already had a Nexus S with me and so was looking for another nexus while i wanted to swtich real bad. But nexus 4 was LG and so was Nexus 5 which made me think twice. The main problem really was the pricey gadgets nexus can be. Finally i saw moto G and felt like buying it. The phone is phenomenally fast due to quad core. Has a brilliant display, IPS. the only down side can be its camera in low light, but camera isnt one of the best features in Nexus 4 as well. The camera in moto g is good , just tht it focusses in a different way. Doesn't let you do much with the cam settings. 
Buy this phone for all the other features though. Also, note, it comes with very basic earphones which aren't in ears at all and a normal charger, so you will need to buy the usb cable for data transfer. 
 
My phone stopped working suddenly, and i have no clue why but i can say 3 things about the Moto G : 
1. do not let it deeply discharge, else it may take a very long time to come to life, might not come at all 
2. though the phone is water proof to an extent and boasts with nano coating, make sure you keep it away from partially or completly submerging in water, it will stop working at all. do not believe the videos over the internet, please. 
3. Flipkart replced my phone with a brand new moto g after i complained about it stopping randomly, and such quick service at such short notice is BRILLIANT !! 
 
My rating : 8.5/10FLAWLESS. Phone. FANTASTIC.My opinion first. AWESOME PHONE !!! 
I m gonna bust some myths n grapevine discussions : 
1) 16GB STORAGE ISSUE 
-Personally, i never heard of use over 16gb,i.e., 32gb cards (unless u dont hav a PC n use ur phn as one). I got usable 12.95GB which is more than enough for me. 
2) NON-EXPANDABLE STORAGE ISSUE 
Even iPhone comes non-expandable. On the other hand, 16gb of internal storage means integrated memory, means faster access time, means lag free performance. AND, Moto G IS lag-free (runs Asphalt 8, Dead Trigger, RipTide 2 buttersmoooooooooooooth). I mean it. 
3) CAMERA QUALITY 
Camera isn't that bad, in fact, not bad at all acc. to some reviews on the internet.(they compare it with Nexus, Galaxy S4...cmon ppl, not all of the features of Moto G matches with them !!!) I find them prettty gooood. Just turn on the flash during night clicks. 
4) NON REMOVABLE BATTERY 
I like it actually. In unfortunate theft cases, thief can't remove battery. Tracing it bcomes easier. Ha ! ;) 
MORE REASONS FOR BUYING THIS PHONE 
1) It is a Kitkat ! Best ever version. No lags. Simple. Sleek. Easy. 
2) Corning Gorilla Glass 3. In 14k. Dream deal. 
3) QUAD CORE processor. 1.2Ghz. Best match for internal 16GB 
4) Dual SIM. Sim 1 for office, Sim 2 for, sum1 special. Happy ! :) 
5) 2070mAh Battery. Dual SIM battery usage met. 
6) Adreno Graphics 305. Again a bonus to performance. 
7) Stock Android. Pure. Bloatware free. Non-sense apps free. 
8) Last but not the least. Flipkart Delivery. Trusted. Fast. 
:)Exceptional phone at an unbelievable price.If you are going to buy a phone in budget of 15000-20000 don't think twice, this should be your pick. I am using it from more than 20 days. 
Here are the picks that you can not find in such a budgeted phone: 
1. Latest android update 
2. Corning&reg; Gorilla&reg; Glass 3 
3.1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 (MSM8x26) with Adreno 305 GPU 
4. 329 PPI resolution display which produce so vivid and clear pictures (even i Phone 5S has less pixel density than it 
5. Awesome battery back up of full day 
6. Awesome build quality 
7. A water repellent nano coating both inside and outside the device 
 
Every budget phone cannot full fill all of your expectations. That's why moto g doesn't fullfill the expectations of photography lovers. Due to a 5 mp camera. But considering the other high end devices inclusions in moto g, one have to compromise on this aspect. Although I don't prefer mobile as a camera, I already have a 16 mp Canon digital camera for this purpose. One thing it lacks as per my requirements was punjabi language support, as it supports most of the indian languages but don't include punjabi. I expect it in coming updates. :)Best Phone You Can Get In This Price Range Based On Android Version, Good Product By Motorola.This is what I got when I received the phone- a pretty good camera (not good for photography though),android 4.3, android 4.4.2 update after 1st boot, stock android, good battery life, no lag at all even after having only 2.5 gb space free (out of 12.92 gb) after installing apps, wirelessly migrating everything to this phone through motorola migrate (awesome app). 
This were the ratings i would give then- 
Battery - 5/5 (lasts almost a full day with high usage of whatsapp, facebook and lots of gaming) 
Camera - 4.7/5 (good but lacks detail, I'm not a fan of phone cameras anyway, so rated 4.7, otherwise I would have given 4) 
Gaming - 5/5 (This device is a gaming beast!!) 
UI - 5/5 (I wish I could give 10/5. Pure android is the best!! No lag at all!!) 
Overall phone - 5/5 (More than worth the price) 
Then I did the update and got a list of bugs started!! :( These are the ones I noticed- 
1.Gallery sometimes gave the warning of &quot;No external storage&quot; and crashed sometimes. This also stopped the camera from working sometimes. :( 
2. The device hangs everytime I switch from portrait to landscape view or vice-versa (while using any app) 
3. Slow motion edit did not work on some videos which I took. :( 
4. Slow motion videos did not contain sound (audio). The video was playing without any sound. 
5. When using live walpaper, recent applications took sometime to open (1.5-2.5 sec) 
6. Messaging takes some time to load, even Whatsapp does. 
7. The smoothness and snappy feel of the device has slowed down 
8. Battery life has lowered. 
Now this update has forced me to rate this product Overall - 4/5 
People who haven't got the product/have got the product and are thinking of doing the kitkat update, think twice before you do. I wold recommend you to not do.Excellent phone for price point.I have had Moto G for more than a couple of months now. 
It is an excellent phone for the price point. 
 
I feel these are the points that I consider when looking for a phone 
 
1. Call quality - Excellent 
No issues with call quality. 
 
2. Audio Speaker - Good 
I use speaker phone quite a bit. I must say that speaker is not great. I would rate it good. Calls on speaker phone seems to have crackling noise even in areas where signal issues do not exist. 
 
3. Battery - Excellent 
I always have 3G on and connect to Wifi at home. 
Battery lasts for a day so far. 
On average I spend 
60 - 90 mins on voice calls every day 
60 - 90 mins of browsing/whatsapp/social network 
60 - 90 mins on corporate email 
 
Occasionally, youtube for 30 mins or so for my kid... 
 
With this usage, battery lasts for 24-28 hours on one charge... 
 
Camera/Pictures - Average 
 
Camera is definitely average. 
Photos are really dark in low light situations even with flash on. 
My nearly 2 year old Samsung phone took better pictures than this. 
Automatic upload to Onedrive is really good 
 
CheersAndroid at its best.....Moto G is one of the most awaited phone for the last few months. I ordered one in the first day itself (thank god i was able to ordered one 16GB Moto G without much trouble) as i saw the stock vanishes in just a few minutes after that.... 
 
Ok One can say that the phone is cheap considering its cost, but let me tell you one thing this phone feels much better in the hands than other high end phones, the materials does not feels like plastic, power and volume buttons are crisp and the Gorilla glass 3 gives it a premium finish. 
 
Camera is acceptable, it takes decent photos under normal conditions, if you consider the cost of the phone and compare the camera with that of phones in the same range it is very much out standing. Speakers are also very good. 
 
But the important thing i liked about this phone is its Software and Performance... 
It runs 4.4.2 Kitkat and it is very much responsive... The software is very much similar to stock android with some helpful apps from motorola.. and the phone is silky smooth.. 
I have played many high end games and the graphics is very good. And also the display is pretty good, may be it is not bright as compared with some high end phones but it is still good, viewing angles are ok, you can read from screen in sunlight...  
 
Also Battery lasts very long, some times more than one day, if you change the Dalvik Vm to ART it will last long, i tried it for past 3 days and it gives at least 10% extra battery life.. 
 
Any way I think Moto G is Awesome.Great smart phone with good battery.Great smart phone. I got this phone last week through flipkart and I was waiting for some time to see how its performance and all. Finally I say this phone is really nice for this price. I have all facilities I was looking for. 
Nice display, body and overall finishing is great with premium build quality. 
Performance wise also good. Very fast switching between calls, contacts, mails, message, media wife etc.... 
Any way, i have not yet started gaming on it (I really don't play game on phone) 
My spouse was using samsung galaxy s duos and now she want to get this phone from me :) 
I was using HTC before this buy. 
Battery back up of Moto G is very good. With frequent internet usage I am getting almost 2 days. 
As everyone said, the photo clarity is not much better I think. Any way, I don't care because I have a camera :) 
 
I say, this is a success of Motorola. They have done their best to re enter into phone market with high-end configuration with less cost. I am pretty sure that, they have learned Indian market well and they succeeded with some marketing techniques.Simply supertb!.Been owning Celkon A97i for a year now. Celkon is fine i.t.o performance, but battery is terrible. Therefore, needed a phone, where I thought I could compromise on anything BUT not battery. Moto G caught my attention, however, was slightly skeptical about battery as it had 2070 MAh (although 500+ above Celkon, but half an inch bigger screen to even out power cons.). BUUUUUT, Motorola didn't let me down. Amazing to see the battery lasts so long (a full day plus). H/W, I simply turn off 2nd sim when not in use. I recommend M-G, not just for performance, but also battery backup. Do charge the battery for the first few cycles only after it drains or touches 5%. Fingerprint is another little minus - do get a motorola case available in FK along with the purchase (suppose this back case is better than nillkin, though not sure). Did observe couple of times that after otg use, phone call misbehaves, needing restart... OVERALL, it's a very very good buy. Don't miss this awesome phone..mine is kitkat out of the box.Solid Device - *****.I bought this mobile after long research, analysis and comparison with other leading and equivalent price models. 
 
Some of the models looks like it has higher specs than this model, but to be frank we need to think the durability and reliability, which made me to purchase this piece. 
 
Its been just three days i got this mobile in hand, so i personally think it is not the right time to review about the deep inside of mobile specs, but for sure as per my usage i can feel the solid state of this mobile. 
 
I will write a very detailed review of the same very shortly. 
 
Note - Flipkart's Delivery - I really need to convey one information to all about flipkart service, earlier when i heard flipkart delivery is highly appreciable when comparable to other leading eCommerce services,but then too i thought its like one of the normal marketing trick to boost their service, but after my motog purchase with flipkart, really i got my mobile within 14 hours from the time of my order :), Kudos to flipkart for providing the delivery like a premium service for free.Best in Sub INR15000 class..To begin with, this is my 3rd purchase with Flipkart and as always, I was not disappointed with the packaging, delivery and the overall shopping experience provided by Flipkart. 
About Moto-G: 
PROS :it is a spectacular phone with a smooth and responsive touch screen. 
Unlike may reviews here, the music quality is appreciable. 
The colours reproduced on screen are lively and rich. 
At 1.5Ghz the quad core gives a appreciably faster experience with no lag or hang-ups. 
Many reviews state that the non-removable battery and no memory card support is limitation with this phone. But with 16 GDBs of internal storage and an option for UTG I do not see this limiting in any way; Do not know, how non-removable battery can pose a problem (there is a way to do hard-reset in case of phone hangs, if people know). 
 
CONS: Camera could have been better. In low-light the pictures are pathetic. I hope Motorola releases some better app to enhance the camera features in future that can go well with this phone. 
 
To sum it up, I am happy with the phone and at the stated price it is best phone in this class.My First Smartphone!.I like a frugal design and prefer function over form. This is what the G delivers. It is simple, comes with stock Android and does not carry any of the fancy (often unnecessary) apps that the competition offer. 
 
My requirements at the time of purchase : 
1. All phone features 
2. Mail 
3. WhatsApp 
4. GPS 
Everything else is a bonus. 
App support allured me towards Android over Windows. 
 
I have used this phone for about 3 weeks now. 
 
Positives: 
The battery lasts more than 5 days, however it is worth mentioning that this is because my usage is less. I do not use an internet pack (yes yes I ought to get one soon) and only browse on Wi-Fi. I talk for about 20 minutes and send about 30-50 SMS per day. I listen to about 2 hours of music and browse for about 1 hour per charge cycle. Plus about 2 hours on whatsapp and checking mails. 
I sincerely do believe that getting two days under medium to heavy usage is achievable. 
 
The sound quality took me be surprise. The music quality on the stock earphones is above average and I would rate it 5/10 where 10 is music quality on a Sony Walkman phone with MegaBass enabled and using the larger K750 type earphones (Guys who have heard it will know what i mean). 
The phone has potential though. My in-ear headphones bring the bass to life and music feels brilliant, taking my rating to 8.5/10. I have used these headphones with a number of devices and hence can say that the improvement observed is not solely due to change in earphones. The phone does produce good music which is unfortunately let down by the stock earphones it shared the box with. 
The speaker volume is loud enough, about 130% of my erstwhile SE Naite - above average for a smartphone. 
 
FM radio, a simple feature that several SM's are deviod of, is a blessing. I love listening to tunes on the waves. 
 
I have a soft silicone phone case on it and this makes it chunky. Its easy to hold and grip. This coupled with its weight (and probably its price) makes its presence felt in the pocket. 
 
Negatives : 
The camera is mediocre compared to todays standards. I am fine with it though. 
I would be nitpicking if I were to list any more. 
 
Concern: 
I have seen my friends, more expensive, phones hang. The phones do not respond to any button presses, long or short, in such situations. They fix this by removing the battery. Well I could do the same too....wait I cannot. The battery is not user removable. Oops! 
Fortunately I have not faced such problems and I have not found anyone, in person or on the web, who has had to deal with their G getting stuck. 
 
Problems others could face: 
The phone has 16GB storage and is not expandable via SD card. This may be a deal breaker for those who like to carry a ton of pics/music/movies. 
Its not a high end device. The game freaks among you may find it slow with multiple/heavy games/apps running. 
 
Summary: 
This is a great phone for those who are looking to capitalize on the advantages of a smart phone without being too concerned about the fancy stuff. At this price its a sweet cake with a cherry on top!2 days user review..I ordered on 10th feb 5.15pm. I was eagerly waiting for 10 days. they delivered me on 20th, one day late. Let me share my experience. my order no. isOD40210015632 
 Package- 
Well packed, compact box size. 
 
Unboxing- 
Mobile is superb. I love to hold it, touch it extraordinary finish. 
It comes with Headset and Charger. No data Cable i dono why?? 
 
Mobile- 
Back panel finish is nice, Gorilla glass gives good sunlight readability. perfect. 
Black is very attractive. 
 
Headset- 
Sound quaity is nice. Material is cheap. 
 
Charger- 
Better than headset material and look is different. 
 
Scratch guard- 
pre sticked scratch guard is nice. i erased the logo and using it. will buy new in future. 
 
Features 
Display- 
display is stunning. really nice believe me. 
The 4.5 inch edge-to-edge display comes with 720p HD resolution and 329 ppi. 
nice for watching video. 
 
Processor- 
It is very smooth like iPhone. 
It never lagged in working. No heating issues for my usage. 
 
O/S- 
I'm a new user for android 4.3 jelly bean. As a new exp it is difficult to change settings for my usage. Update for Kitkat is available. Will try the old o/s for some days. then only i can recognize about android 4.3 
 
Battery- 
I never expected it and lot more it gives. I use for Calling 30mins, Game for 2hrs, data 2g for 1 hr-------- remaining battery is 45%. it is enough for medium user. 
 
Camera- 
In natura light it is good 
 
Dual sim- 
Dono about usage, i'm a single sim user 
 
Storage- 
more than 12GB is available. 
 
Water repellent- 
I think it is not water resistant. It protects mobile from Water showers. 
 
Overall verdict 
It is a excellent Smartphone with speed, quality, smooth. Camera is the only cons. 
But A good phone to buy with 15k budget having above 20k configuration.Keep your expectations also within budget.I did a long research for a combination of Dual Sim Good Brand Smart phone Budget. 
 
Well first of all Dual sim is recommended only if its really required else smart phones these days can block any one if required. Dual sim is like draining down the battery at twice the speed.. so consider this. 
 
Secondly Moto G.. hmm.. I was recommended this by a Samsung tester. However, Samsung or HTC is expensive as it gives a far better Interface if android which otherwise you will stuggle to meet up adding widgets. e.g. unread calls, messages, fb, lnkdin msgs counts are not available. you need to spend time on free widgets to get the right one. A lot more but cant keep writing. 
 
finally cost,, is good but then why not a fancy micromax or karbonn brands if you wont intend to use for more than 2 years ? 4-5K more and a S4 mini is also a better deal with expandable memory. 
 
If you want a good brand in your pocket for less price and would be happy with the basic android offering, then Moto is for you.The best budget smartphone.After using this phone for nearly 2 weeks I can certainly say that spending less money on your smartphone doesn't mean that you have to make do with crippled functionality and Motorola has proved it. 
 
1. Build quality 
The phone is worth 14k but it doesn't look like one. Rather it looks like a much costlier phone. Unlike those Samsung phones which look the same whether you spend 12k or 50k. It has a solid feel and has a strong body which doesn't make even a single creak sound even after falling two times from my hand in the past week. 
 
2. Display and Screen 
The display is an IPS LCD of HD resolution. It has great viewing angles and has good brightness levels. Since the screen size is 4.5 inches (which is smaller than the usual smart phones but is large enough for easy regular use) it doesn't put much load on the battery. But it could've been better if it was an LED (for longer battery life). For protection it has Gorilla Glass 3 which is said to be more stronger and bacteria resistant as compared to its previous versions. 
 
3. Battery 
The battery is a 2070 mAh unit and easily works throughout a whole day. It is a Li-ion battery but would've been better if it was a Li-Po battery. But for a phone worth 14k, I don't mind. 
 
4. Processor 
The processor is a Snapdragon 400 clocked at 1.2 GHz which is the best processor you would get in any smartphone at this price range. Good for gaming and browsing. But the 1 GB RAM sometimes lets it down but you get how much you spend for ;-) 
 
5. Camera 
The camera is 5 MP and gives decent shots. It has better image quality than many of the 'Lumias' out there. The front camera is 1.3 MP which is good enough for selfies or video calling/chatting. 
 
6. Call quality 
The in-call quality is much superior to many of the smart phones out in the market and I can say that with my own experience. 
 
And also you can buy a few colourful back covers to give your smartphone a new and refreshed look. 
 
A few negative points: 
1. Only 1 GB RAM 
2. No SD card support 
 
Flipkart's service is really good. They shipped my phone the same day I ordered it. But please Flipkart take care of the description you people upload for a particular product like you have given the pictures of the single sim Moto G rather than the dual sim version in this web page. 
 
From my view this has been the best budget smartphone I've ever used and will be the best for a long time. So take care everyone and spend your hard earned money wisely on functionality and not just on a 'Beast on paper'.superb phone . the one and only one should buy.I have been planning to buy an android phone since 3-4 years, but due to some reasons such as the price of them and the obviously for this specifications only above 25,000 cost should be made are good, so I purchased an Nokia asha311 one year ago. 
    And I replaced it with this Moto g 
 
 what to say..... 
   Its the best in class and the only android phone one should buy. 
    Because it has what an individual wants . Definitely practical. 
 
Note: people think that there is no memory card and non-removable battery, But that is for good cause , 
 
1. if the phone is stolen , what general the thief do is take off the battery to switch off the phone of the phone is locked, So if the battery is non-removable then he cannot switch off the phone with out the password, so the phone the tapped with the GPS and Motorola care app. 
 
2. if the memory card is not there one cannot see the important files ,bank details obviously which are stored in the memory card, so this is also a plus. 
 
overall no drawbacks at all, even the camera is good after is kit Kat update. 
 
 so Guys go for it...AWESOME PHONE TO OWN. . ..Motorola is famous for making hardcore devices with fabulous durability.. 
MOTO G is really good for its performance in terms of display, gaming, and for its quad speed and and good batter backup. 
Moto g has Gorilla glass, water repellent coating and strong and durable body for the phone. 
It features HD display which is not offered in competition wiz.. Samsung,HTC,Sony etc. Its a great point to consider especially to the people who upgrade to higher specifications phones. .in moto g all most all the specifications are present and price is highly impressive that makes exciting option to buy. .for people planning to uprade their phones from basic android and other devices to Moto g it is the fantastic option to own such a well crafted phone. 
PROS: 
QUAD CORE processor , 1 GB RAM, HD display, Scratch resistant Gorill glass and back panel cover. 
WORTHY PRICING. . 
CONS: 
5mp cam doesn't have optimised performance.. That doesn't mean bad, it is good not excellent. 
Stock earphones are not that great. 
No more colour options except solo black colour, could have offered in white as well 
Conclusion : 
We bought 5 moto g phones 4 from flipkart and 1 from UK before its launch in India..what I can say is really exceptional phone and if you are looking to buy don't think on it, it does not have lag as you see in grand Its ownership experience is amazing and satisfying and fulfilling , again don't forget that it has warranty in India. Simply go for it.its not dat awesome dat ppl claim it 2 be..its a quite nyc fone... 
 
display-its crisp nd clear bt pixels r clearly visible.. 
 
build-it has a tough build wid cornilla gorilla glass nd d back nd its comfortable 2 hold bcoz of curved back.It also has a water repellent coating. 
 
memory and os-i have d 16 gb version nd its enough fr me,it supports otg too...it has 1gb ram bt u only get 882 mb.You also get android 4.4 kitkat. 
 
Performace-it lags a bit while doing heavy multitasking,it aslo supports evry game.. 
 
battery-battery backup is quiet nice...it gives me around 9 hrs of backup with wifi always on nd havy gaming.You could easily play the Asphalt 8 game for about 5 to 6 hours on a single charge. 
 
Camera-it is a big disadvantage...d pics r ok nt dat bad bt cmra could have been little better.Front cmra is also ok. 
 
verdict-The camera could have been a little better but it is not that bad. There are many other things that make it a very good buy especially the water repellent coating, gorilla glass 3 protection, excellent battery performance and tough build quality.It also has a notification led.You will get d latest updates of android.Moto-G Full value of money.I wants to purchase a smart phone from last six months.I researched Samsung, canvas, but some phones not fulfill my requirements or some was out from my budget. In the mean time moto-g was introduced, I researched on it and find all which i required, but my past experience with Motorola handset i was hesitating to buy it. Then one of my Known Mr. siddheshwar in IT profession tells me that Google has owned Motorola, so buy it with close eyes.Thanks to Google moto &amp; Flip kart for making me an pride owner of such great phone. Thanks to siddheshwar also. 
 
There is only qualities in this phone, Only back draw is its 5 MP camera, it should be at least 8 MP, but it dsnt mean the camera pic quality is not good, pics quality in daylight is very good, indoor shots is average. In this price you cant get any phone like moto g. 
 
 I, was little bit disappointed by flip kart due to delay in delivery for unknown reasons, But after receiving moto g i forget all. I am using it from last one week 7 moto g not hanged single time even playing HD games or surfing, its works very smoothly. Its complete value for your money.this phone deserves 5 star, but due to delay by flipkart and 5 MP camera i rated It 4 star, Sorry flip kart try to perform better. 
 
In single words, dont think, just grab this smartest phone.A good Phone in the Prioce range.Thanks to Flipkart for the quick delivery. 
Pros. 
1. Good shape, fits in all hands for girls and guys. 
2. Beautiful screen resolution. 
3. Good responce for the apps, though i have not installed any big games to test to the core, but with the minimum apps like Skype, WeChat, Viber, DropBox, SkyDrive, TOI,WebMail apps, its decent enough. 
4.I got about 12 GB of free space after OS, so this was my expectation. 
 
Cons. 
1. Did not included the datacable,i thoght the Power and datacale will be a single cable with the detachable USB, but gave a single pwer card, which dissapointed me verymuch 
2. Headset... Never though it would be that bad, other phomes with less price getting good quality of headphones. and most worst part is headset do not have volume control and music chaning buttons. 
3. No loud speaker for FM, so if you want to enjoy the FM, just use Headset. only you... 
4. Camera, do not have focus functionality, though i need to figure out more on this, not that userfriendly. 
---- 
On the other hand, please do not choose any cover otherthan Motorol's I had a bad experiance with MonoFlip cover. 
 
Over all I liked the phone a lot.:)Money well spent on Moto G.This product is simply amazing at this cost. It has a Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 processor with 1GB RAM. The inbuilt memory (which is not expandable by the way) is at 16GB wherein you get about 13GB to use. 
 
I think 13GB is sufficient as long as you're not a avid video downloader who doesn't remove the old contents. No need no need to talk about the merits of Corning's Gorilla Glass. The touch sensitivity is good and responds well. 
 
You'll get 5 desktops which can't be deleted but they can certainly be customized. The best of this handset is that the Stock ROM comes with Android's latest masterpiece called Kitkat (4.4.2). I have used all the flavors of Android before. Compared to them this one seems to have hit the milestone in terms of memory/processor utilization. Simply saying that the phone doesn't lag when doing multitasking. Not yet atleast. 
 
This is a dual-SIM (MicroSIM) phone. At any point only one SIM will be able to use 3G. The other will fallback to 2G. Who uses data connection on both SIM at the sametime anyway :) 
 
All-in-all a great product at 14000/-. Close yours eyes and buy it cause you won't regret it a bitAwesome.I recently got this Moto G (16GB) variant. I ordered on Friday afternoon 2.00 PM with one day guaranteed delivery and Flipkart delivered it on Saturday 2:00 PM. First sight, the build is really awesome. complete black, has a stunning look and design. 
The display is crisp and clear crystal. Prima facie, the performance is very good, though I wont be able to comment on this front before 3-6 months of usage. 
It comes with a Motorola Migrate app, with that I had easily migrated al my datum (including apps) from my old Samsung (Android Gingerbread) to this. It took only a few minutes. But, you need to download Moto Migrate on your old android too.. 
 
I would give full marks for its display and the User interface (S/W). 
 
Now the cons part, it has an average camera of 5 MP. I'm able to take a decent picture with this and not more than that. I knew it before ordering this. As I own my digital camera, I do occasionally depend on this. 
 
Non expandable memory. though the memory is non expandable, I think 16 GB is enough for my apps, pictures and videos. besides this, google has also given 50GB cloud freespace. Moreover, these days, we can directly connect pen drives to smartphones through dedicated cables. 
 
Though, the above two were known issues, it is quite disturbing that the battery takes more time for charging.. I don't know, will this be only during the initial period or an issue with Moto G. 
 
Overall, I am very much satisfied with the specification, performance, LOOK &amp; FEEL of this device. 
 
I did lots and lots of research before ordering this one, and I can say this is best amongst its peers on this price. 
 
Regards, 
Nathan. AVery very happy till now.The service from Flipkart has always been amazing. The booking period was 10 days I ordered the phone but it arrived within a week itself. 
 
The phone is nothing short of awesome. I was using a gingerbread phone earlier and kitkat is on another level in terms of the OS. 
 
Pros. 
1) Response is top class. Zero delay on any app or stock features preinstalled with the OS. 
2) The phone grip is ver very good with the curved design greatly assisting the grip. 
3) The stock mat finished backpanel is great as well not attracting any dust and the Moto symbol at the back offers added grip when held .. There is absolutely no need for a screen guard as the gorilla glass is more than enough for daily use. Screen size is just perfect for me as any bigger would make it difficult to hold. 
4) The camera is very good in outdoor and well lit conditions. 
5) The best part is the price, you will not get such specs and the reliability offered by big companies for 14k rest assured.. 
6) The battery life is spectacular with 2 days, a given for moderate/everyday use involving everything from being on 2g network all the time, random wifi usage, music for a good 2-3 hours a day with calls, watsapp and the usual apps.. It reduces to a day if heavy gaming comes into picture. But all in all the 2070 mAh battery is more than enough for regular use. 
 
Cons : I must point out that I am listing even the minute things 
1) Moto G is slightly heavier and will take some time to adjust if you're used to phones closer to the 100g mark.. You will adjust to it eventually. 
2) Camera in indoor low light conditions is not great so if that is your priority check with friends before buying. 
3) Attaching and sending files using Watsapp and other apps is not as straight forward as it used to be. You will need to install a file explorer to set ringtones from memory and send files in messengers .. Again this is a kitkat limitation rather than moto g 
 
All in all I give this phone a 5 star rating as the cons are negligible when compared to the features and cost..THIS IS IT..VALUE FOR UR MONEY..Go for it.Dont think much.Let me tell you, it deserves my 5 star for this. Let me give some more points of review. 
1. OTG works, no regret for buying 8GB phone. You can easily use pendrive via USB On the Go. Plays HD movies with ease. 
2. Internal Memory for apps is unlimited (i.e. maximum 5.5 GB available, unlike other phones who boasts of 16 GB space while they dedicate only 1.5 to 2.5 GB for apps installation, Except Nexus like phones). This is the most important reason I hated my LENOVO P770. I still hate it and hate Lenovo Brand from now onwards. Anyways, MOTO G is the best phone I have ever bought. 
3. The phone is at least worth 18000+, I may be undervaluing it I fear. 
4. It took me 107 seconds to transfer 800 MB file (a video file). 
5. Music quality is not best but at least as good as Samsung phones. 
6. While playing songs on full volume on external speakers, the sound gets distorted a bit. 
7. I bet you wont get better Quality Pics in daylight with any other 5 Megapixel Camera. (Not even samsung. 
8. Google Maps works awesome. (After all, its google phone.) Its uncomparable experience to use Google maps with any other phone. (cant say what nexus gives, i guess they may be as good as this). Generally, I love using google maps, so I found very interesting and noteworthy to mention about Google Maps. 
9. Performance is far better than 1.2 GHz phones. 
 
It deserves five start from me and It deserves to be bought at this price without giving much of thoughts.16GB Moto G in Transit! :).Tried to order one(a gift for my brother) early morning at 12.05AM but by the time I could enter the credit card details the 16GB was gone ;( 
So waited patiently for 12 noon. 
I was finally able to place the order for the 16GB but the back cover was not in stock ;( 
After 10 mins the back cover came in stock but not the blue colour I wanted. 
After a few more minutes, the blue one was in stock but I realized I needed to order both the phone and the cover to get the 70% discount. 
Ordered another one this time along with the blue back cover for next day delivery, and cancelled the earlier one. 
Next was the pain of frequently refreshing the mail box to check for the dreaded mail which some of you have received regarding the deliver date pushed further away. 
Seems my luck is holding. Just got a mail that my Moto G is in transit but will have to wait till 18th for the back cover. 
 
Phew! Mission accomplished. 
 
The rating is not for the product but the experience of ordering. Will alter the rating after getting &amp; reviewing the phone.A 14k Nexus.Hi flipkartians, 
  This is my first review on this site, I ordered moto g on 12th march and got it on 14th.after one week of experience I found following things in my phone. 
  Well Motorola was gobbled up by Google and recently it was handed over to lenovo which s sad thing for me.while all this was confusing , we saw Motorola getting back in to the smartphone game with Moto G. The smartphone has created a lot of buzz as it carries an amazing spec sheet along with a small nd affordable price tag. 
    So what does the Moto G offer? Well it comes with a 1ghz quad core snapdragon 400 processor along with an Adreno 305 GPU and 1GB of RAM and it comes with16GB(8gb is also der) which can be a deal-breaker for some. 
   The touchscreen is a crisp and sharp 4.5 inch, 720p 
IPS display which offers a great 326ppi and is protected with Gorilla Glass 3. The smartphone also has a 5MP rear camera with an LED flash and a front 1.3MP camera for making video calls. Other include 3G, Wi-Fi , Dual SIM and a 2070mAh battery to juice up the smartphone. 
   Surprisingly my Moto G runs on Android 4.4.2 KitKat, which is the latest offering by Google. Motorola has graciously not added any UI layers on top which means that the UI experience is actually very smooth and lag free and apart from the wallpapers section, it's very similar to the Nexus phones. 
     Now that Motorola was a Google company, we expect that upcoming updates will arrive without any delays. 
   Jumping onto performance, the Moto G is quite a cracker if compared to smartphones available in a similar price range. Real-time performance and day-to-day usage proved to be very good and the smartphone doesnt have any hiccups with multitasking. High end games like Asphalt 8, Real Racing 3 and then FIFA 14 worked like a charm thanks to the way Adreno 305 GPU. 
   In my opinion the Moto G is a very good option if you are looking for great performance in a budget smartphone and especially if you don't like fancy brands Micromax, Xolo or Karbonn. With an added brand value from Motorola, the Moto G is worth every penny. 
   Motorola and Google have proved that making a great phone at a low price is not a rocket science and other than the somewhat iffy camera, this is among the smartphones available in the market today.          
  Finally I felt price is just the icing on the cake.Moto G.I was referred to MOTO G by several people. I was given an absolute thumbs up for this make. If you conduct product comparison exercises with other makes such as Samsung you will agree that Moto G is absolute value for money. 
 
Simply put MOTO G gives more enhanced facilities for a lesser value when compared to likes of Samsung. I tried and researched extensively to share my opinion. 
 
I was using Samsung s3 a phone which costed me little over 26000. I used that phone for less than a year and it developed a problem of charging. My samsung s3 phone takes 48 hours to charge up to 30%. Since my phone is within warranty I went to the Samsung shop and they said this problem is not covered under warranty and will cost me 7000 Rs more to fix it. 
 
I don't know if this is fare and that a customer who pays 26000+ for a phone should worry about technical errors costing 7000 within the 1st year of use. I decided to put that crappy piece aside and buy a more value for money and sturdy MOTO G. 
 
Flipkart delivered the product before time. (within 3 days) quite impressed with their efficiency. 
 
Looks: 
In terms of the look of this phone is simply awesome it almost looks like the google phone i.e. nexus 5. It seems grand and has a good upscale show value. Especially if you invest 1599 more and buy the Motorola cover. 
 
I think MOTO G will be a super hit. In fact I am amazed and happy to see the number of reviews it received on Flipkart. 
 
Specs: 
Kitkat update is available for all Moto G devices and devices with 4.3 Jellybean can be easily upgraded to 4.4. 
 
4.5inch display seems perfect. if you want bigger go for a tab but if you want a phone then 4.5 is ideal. 
 
MOTO G has 1 GB RAM to support multitasking (Samsung used to hang very often and was very frustrating) 
 
Other specs are best if you see the comparision tool with other makes. It almost matches models which are upwards of 24000. 
 
MOTO G has done a great job at quite a low price.a perfect budget phone with a major drawback.a decent handheld device, with great specs. snapdragon processor at this price range is just unexpected.... great flowing device... great lag-less user experience... a reply on face to the apple users (OS-wise)... display is great.. can play videos 1080p smoothly... kit-kat upgrade on the moment I started the phone.. 
 
drawbacks: battery back-up not upto the claims (no 24 hours backup at all) (mine was rather faulty battery and set was replaced by flipkart, second handset received today and testing battery again), headphone sound is loud, but not good,,, camera could have been better at this price range. 
 
*Second Handset Received.. battery (backup) problem again.. thank GOD I bought it from flipkart (WS Retail).. they offered refund.. I opted replacement.. giving it a one more shot. perfect handset with battery issues. 
 
*Third Handset Received.. 4% battery gone in 2.35 minutes of phone call.. amazing backup... Thank God I bought it from flipkart (WS Retail, who give 30 days warranty).. gonna give it a try for one-two days... amazing handset.. only battery issue. 
 
Finally .. Thanks to flipkart.. they refunded. 
 
three starts only for the service of flipkartAwesome phone and awesome service by flipkart.. buying 1 more.I bought this phone last month. Got delivery in 2 days. Great service by Flipkart. The phone is just awesome. Latest android and 4.4.3 update coming soon. Quad core processor and 1 GB of RAM. This is the most fluid working phone is this price range. I would recommend it to everybody. 
 
Now about Flipkart. 
 After using the phone for 10 days I thought there was something wrong with the WiFi of the phone. So I called Flipkart customer care and told them abt this problem. They said their technical team will contact me in 24 business hours. I got the call next day. The person on the phone asked me to try and troubleshoot this problem. He told me several ways to do it. I tried everything and called them back to tell them that problem is still there. They accepted the request and launched a replacement request for the product. I got mail and message on my cell phone confirming this. I got my brand new Moto G two days later. There were No hiccups, no delays from Flipkart in accepting that the old phone wasn't working properly and giving me replacement for it as per their awesome 30 days replacement policy. I got my brand new device in a packed and sealed box. I am a developer so I can tell if the device has been booted before and my replacement device was not, it was its 1st boot when I booted it, and that tells me the device is brand new directly from Motorola and not some refurbished handset. 
 So kudos to Flipkart for this prompt and smooth service and for sticking to their 30 days replacement policy. 
 
 I will definitely recommend this phone and using Flipkart to everybody.Amazing Phone..Hi all...I was using Sony Xperia Mini pro for last two years and thought of buying a new phone last year. I was excited about Moto G since its international launch at nov '13. From that time i was awaiting for its release in india. Motorola mobility was testing my patience by postponing the launch date in india. Finally, Motorola joined with flipkart for its indian launch and it was worth the wait. The price released on feb 5 '14 and i was more tempted to buy on its launch date. i checked flipkart website at midnight 12:01 hrs and i was shocked to see 124 reviews in less than two minutes. I immediately placed order at 12:17 hrs. To my suprise Moto G went out of stock at next day morning 7 am. I finally got my baby on 8th feb. 
 
About the Phone: There are tons of reviews to boast Moto G. but for anyone who is a new user or upgrading to smartphone, the experience of these three things will sweep you off your feet. 
1. Display 
2. Build quality 
3. Android experience 
 Battery is above average. one full charge will last a day with 4 hours call and full day 2G net for whatsapp . sound output from loudspeaker is too loud oherwise good. Limited storage was told as major disadvantage, but with OTG cable (works fine even after android kitkat 4.4.2 update) that also was solved. camera quality to be a bit lower than similar 5MP phones. Low light pictures also below average. but i m having a dig cam so i didnt bother much. 
About flipkart:Timely delivery and package was excellent with incredible launch day offers with expiry date upto march. I would go further to appreciate your service as best, but still many of my friends and collegues still couldnt get this one due to your forecast miscalculation. 
 
The Only budget handset you should buy for premium smartphone experience.Best bang for my 14k.Its been a few hours since I started using the device and I am grinning from ear to ear. 
 
My usage revolves around using social media like Twitter, Facebook, Vimeo,Youtube, Tumblr to productivity apps like Evernote, Feedly etc and listening to a ton of podcasts and audiobooks. So far the processor and ram haven't let me down. There are hardly any heating issues or performance lags. 
 
The display is really nice although I noticed the blacks have a bluish hue to them. 
 
The interface is quite simple and toned down compared to the Samsung ecosystem that tries to force useless Samsung apps onto you. My only gripe with the interface is that it doesn't let you reduce or increase the number of homescreens. It is fixed at 5 screens. 
 
The build quality and the weight of the phone is very nice as I prefer phones that are slightly on the heavier side. It provides a nice balance when you hold the device in your palm. The back of the phone is matte but it tends to be a little slippery so I would recommend buying a backplate that has a rough texture to enable better grip. 
 
The camera is a bit of a let down because it switches to 3.8 megapixels when shooting in widescreen mode. The default mode of 4:3 aspect ratio is kinda outdated by now so I would have loved the 16:9 mode to use the default resolution of 5 mp but personally that is a compromise I can live with. 
 
The battery life seems really good but I can't make a definitive statement on it since I have had the device for half a day only. The phone does come with a battery saver mode once the battery hits 10%. 
 
The phone comes with Android 4.4.2 loaded so that was a pleasant surprise considering a lot of flagship devices of other big brands are yet to receive that update. 
 
pros : 
- Latest android 
- Great processor and Ram performance 
- Clean and simple UI 
- Dual sim 
- Good display 
 
cons : 
- Average camera 
- fixed no of homescreens 
- No usb charger. Only wall charger in the box. 
- Headphones are quite ordinary.Not in-ear. 
- no sd card slot 
 
Conclusion : You can't get a better phone for this price bracket.Flipkart &amp; Moto G - Awesome.First of all thanks a lot to Flipkart for quick delivery of Moto G. 
 
I booked Moto g 16gb on Saturday morning and being under impression that Moto G will be delivery after 10-15 days, however just in 2 days on Monday morning Moto G was delivered at my home in Mumbai :) 
 
 
Now, about the phone, this phone really looks great. It has a matte finish at back and glossy IPS screen on front...overall looks like you are holding a 25-30k cellphone. 
 
Under haevy usage from past 4 days here are the comments. 
 
Screen - The Corning gorilla 3 protection gives you relief that screen wont be damaged 
    easily and touch is buttery smooth. 
    For the same reason I havent applied any screen guard. Just using the 
    Cruzerlite Bugdroid Circuit TPU Case...A highly rated gel case which protects 
    cell from shock,etcc 
    I would recommend you buy one to keep the Moto G safe - check out the drop 
    test using this case on youtube. 
 
Waterproof - Next best thing is...water resistant. Unlike Sony, motorola hasn't specified 
    that this phone is IP58 certified but nano coated. 
    There are videos however on youtube with people taking their Moto G inside 
    swimming pool &amp; testing the phone. It just stays alive :) 
 
Processor - The processor snapdragon 400 / 1.2 ghz Quad-core Cortex-A7 is simply 
    awesome. It dosen't hang at all. I have Xperia Go and I dont load many apps 
    on it as it becomes very very slow. 
    But on Moto G...you can just install the app without worrying about the size of 
    the app.... 
    I have loaded Asphalt 8, Street outlaws, Modern comabt 4 and other small 
    games and 10-15 apps....the phone hasn't slowed down. Its as fast as it was 
    in stock condition. 
 
Calling - The call clarity is descent but the noise cancellation in moto g is better. 
 
Camera - The camera is not the best but in good light it will give you decent images 
    with bright colors. 
    Also I got an update yesterday for the camera and the noise reduction is 
    better now than earlier. 
 
Dual sim - This is what I always wanted...a dedicated micro sim for 3G and a seperate 
    micro sim for calling &amp; I am happy :) 
    ****Please make sure that sim card is cut properly to micro sim else you will 
    face sim issues. 
 
OS Update - As soon as I turned on the wifi, kitkat update was available. 
    Considering there are lot of issues still ongoing for Moto G running on kitkat 
    &amp; people frustrated with those (especially losing network n restart moto g 
     each time), I have preferred to stay on Jellybean. 
     May be after few months when a stable release of kitkat is available for 
     Moto G...I would switch to kitkat. 
 
Battery life - The Moto engineers along with google have done an excellent job on 
     resource utilization. 
     With the kind of usage, my xperia would last just 3-4 hours. 
     I have been on WIFI for 5 hours...playing asphalt, whatsapp, youtube, 
     installing apps...only 40% battery was consumed. 
     Very happy with the performance. 
 
You can't get anything better at this price.MOTO G is Awesome.Ordered on 24th April at 12PM and the product was delivered on 25th April at 12PM, which is so cool.. Flipkart rocks. As promised delivered the product in a day. 
 
If i want to say about the phone it's awesome. it's been a week since i started using this phone and i'm really happy with this phone. Till now i haven't experienced any thing as lag or hang. 
 
Stock android is the plus point here. After installing all the apps still remaining RAM is 300MB which is awesome. 
 
Quality of the phone is good. The premium finish makes you happy to hold the phone in your hand. 
 
At the price range of 10,000 - 15,000 this is the best phone which you gonna get. 
 
Speaker is awesome, Sound output is crispy and clear. Auto brightness will make you to use the phone in the sunlight without any difficulty. 
 
For the usage of WIFI and 3G for more then 12 hours battery comes for 1 day, which is another plus point. 
 
Voice clarity in the calls are good. Earphones effect is good, but earphones design is not so good, which is a pain for ears. 
 
After using S3 feel that they could had given the notification light different colours. Right now it's only white... I hope in further updates they might add this. 
 
Within the box it comes with 4.4.2. which is butter smooth and awesome to use the UI is amazing. We can't customize, if you need to customize you can the 3rd party like Apex, Nova launcher to customize your icons. 
 
Camera is ok. which does a decent job for the 5MP. Front Camera with 1.3MP is good for selfies. 
 
The phone doesn't come with a USB charger, it's a wall mount charger. Need to buy a extra USB cable for this phone incase if you don't have. 
 
It supports OTG, where you are able to connect your pendrive to your mobile. 
 
Best buy for 14K.Excellent phone for the price.High lights 
------------------------------------ 
-Processor-Excellent,The tried and tested Qualcomm snapdragon is the highlight.Snapdragon 400 with MSM8226 modem is flawless, while most other phones in this range sells phones Mediatek,Broadcom or Intel chipsets 
-Call voice quality- Good, Nothing to brag about 
-2G/3G reception- Excellent,shows very strong signals. 
-GPS- Excellent,tested it thoroughly 
-Battery-Good,runs for a day but charging the battery to full takes some time 
-Thermal-Good, Doesnt get heated up out of control even when playing heavy graphics games 
-Connectivity(Wifi,Bluetooth)- Excellent, fast and strong reception and transmission 
-Display-Excellent, Resolution as well as screen size is perfect. and you have corning gorilla glass 3 to make sure the display stays safe. 
-Design- Good, minimalist design which gels perfectly with KitKat's Simpe UI. 
-Build quality-Excellent, looks and feels rugged atleast.Didnt test it :) 
-OS/GUI- Excellent, Almost stock Kitkat, which is the best Mobile OS yet in my very personal and humble opinion.My personal favorites Google now, clock,Google maps :) 
-Personalization options-Excellent, Lot of accessories including back covers, flip covers etc. available.An Exceptional Phone.The Moto G is an exceptional piece of hardware, right from its concept to the execution of that idea. For it's price, it punches way above its weight. I'm not sure even phone double it's price will be as much of a joy to use as this is. Just goes to show what happens when two giants come together, bent on creating something radical. 
 
My favourite has to be the entire camera app plus editing capabilities of the Moto G. They perform so seamlessly, it feels built right into the hardware! It takes very decent pictures for normal use and the editing is very intuitive offering limitless possibilities. It out distances even instagram with its range of filters and frames. Which is saying something. You can create truly spectacular stuff, get real creative with it. 
 
Videos is another great thing. It is able to combines photos and videos and create well edited videos, again with a range of effects and music available that will create beautiful memories. Editing happens without user interaction and produces surprisingly good results. You would not think it, but it handles rendering of 720p videos well. 
 
There might be those who will compare the hardware specs with a Nexus 5 or a Galaxy S4 and find the stats on this wanting. But I tell you in actual usage, it is so responsive, those stats are garbage. Forget them, focus on the experience of using the phone. 
 
The fact that Google gives you 50GB free on drive is great. With auto backup this means everything is available to you on your machine, ready for sharing without having to do a single thing! With a lot of people having wifi around now, this works really well. However the 50GB is free for two years only mind! This is less of a issue when you realize drive by default is 15GB. Now unless you intent to jam pack it with videos that much space is going to be hard to fill with just photos. More so when you realize that photos below 2048 x 2048 pixels and videos less than 15 mintues don't even count toward the limit. 
 
The phone never seems slow or sluggish. The touch response is fantastic. The screen is great with vibrant colours. It feels reassuringly solid, with nothing cheap about its build. The power and volume rockers don't feel rickety and have just the right feedback. 
 
Sound quality is exceptional. Videos calls through Skype, Viber, Hangouts all perform well. 
 
The voice recognition works like a charm. Now I know this perhaps doesn't work for everyone but for me, it hardly ever gets it wrong. I would say about 95 in a 100 times it gets it right. Which means I can simply say, call so and so and it does. Open Gmail and it does. or Show me Delhi and it shows me a map. I know this is an android thing but it doesn't work half so well on other sets. 
 
I really have nothing bad to say about this phone. It is exceptional in every way. If I had a wish it would be that the camera could capture more detail. But hey I knew I wasn't buying a DSLR. For Facebook sharing and the occasional video for capturing those crazy moments it more than does the job. It does the job, allows you to unleash your creative potential and then uploads it ready for you to share. With the least effort imaginable involved. 
 
So many reviews of this phone, I didn't really know what to add, so I just shared what I enjoyed most about it. There was also that one video where the phone spent 30 minutes under water while switched on and came back out just fine! Apparently it has a nano coating of something that makes it very resistant to water. It just slides off! Yes I did try it.....without actually dipping it in ofcourse. 
 
A phone this good has not come around in a long while. Not at this price point certainly. This is path breaking stuff. Kudos to Google and Motorola. To think there was a time I would not buy a Motorola phone for the world! 
 
Really it's a shame Google sold the manufacturing part to Lenovo. It would have been something to see what else they could have come up with. With Microsoft acquiring Nokia, that would have been a battle for the ages. 
 
If you are looking to buy a phone, this is the one to go for, for at-least the next year, especially, if like me, you are going to be a first time android user. 
 
In defense of me, I am not usually given to such fan-boyish praise of anything, its just that the phone is that good. iPhone? Bah just over priced, over hyped piece of tech that does the same thing.Value for money.If you are looking to buy a feature android phone for under Rs. 15000, then Moto G is the phone for you. It is probably the cheapest phone in the market at the moment which is offering the pure android experience with no launchers on top. 
Indian and Chinese brands like Micromax, Xolo, Lava, Karbonn etc do provide phones with better specs in the same price range, but none of them offer good after sale service which Motorola will, hopefully and most probably none of them has Android KitKat out-of-the box or upgradeable. Also, Moto G has better benchmark scores than almost all of them. 
So far, the performance has been good and it plays most heavy games like Real Racing and NFS seamlessly with no lag at all. Multitasking is easy and seamless too. 
There are a few downsides to this phone though, like no memory expansion slot and no removable battery. Another thing is that the bezel buttons (lock and volume) seem a little flimsy but thats pretty much it. 
So if you want a good Android phone under 15k for general use, and also from a good brand, MotoG is the phone for you.On every aspect it's an perfect phone..Best in this price bracket. I am an avid moto fan, there seems to have been something extra in their product line up all the time. Have an defy plus(remember all rugged waterproof phone back in 2011). It worked like an charm and still going strong. 
Now back to moto g, processor same as sub 20K phones with a gig of RAM a good GPU what else do you need on 14K phone. Anyways on performance wise I found it extremely competitive with bigger rivals(Note 3 , S4). There were no frame drops while playing games, but lil noticable playing experience while comparing with sub 30K phones. Web browsing suffered a bit because of its a bit old processor, in note 3 using same wifi connection you will find a great deal of difference while loading a webpage, note 3 on occasions outperformed Moto G by more than couple of seconds. 
I know it's not a fair bit of competition but just for comparision sake did that. Moto G in way a weak performer, it is just perfect. Even with same hardware Sony T2 Ultra is launched (Having bigger screen and better camera) which is selling at 24K (see the huge difference now). 
 
If you want a phone that fits your pocket and want to have a feel of a phone rather than a phablet don't think just buy it.The Best Budget Phone Ever!!!!!.I bought this phone 3-4 weeks ago and now after 1 month of usage, I am giving my review about this phone. This phone is actually awesome. Most of the mobile companies try to maximize their profits and give out phone, calling them budget phones in which actually cheat parts are used. However, I am really happy with Motorola that it has used all the best quality products that they could integrate in the device within the budget. Motorola has returned in India with a bang. 
 
Many people are complaining that it doesn't have NFC, an expandable storage and some other features. To them I would like to say that this is a &quot;BUDGET&quot; phone. So don't expect those luxuries. And there is complaint when one buys an iPhone and Nexus which also don't have an expandable memory. Also, some people are rating the calling quality very bad around 6/10. But, according to me it is not that bad. I would rate it 8.5/10 (according to my usage). So, those who are worried after reading the bad reviews of the call quality, don't worry it is not bad. And also people don't compare it with Moto X and other high-end phones. There is a huge price difference between them and Moto G. 
 
Now I am going to mention the PROS AND CONS of the device. 
 
PROS- 
 
1. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 - This type of glass is scratch proof. It will not get scratched even if yout try to scratch with the help of a key. 
2. Water Resistant - Motorola gurantees Moto G to be water resistant to an extent as it has some Nano coating 
3. Adreno 305 GPU - It has an Adreno 305 GPU clocked at 450 MHz. It can play graphic-heavy games with great detailing. I tried Asphalt 8 on the phone. The experience was god, I didn't experience any lag or any missing of frames. 
4. Snapdragon 400 1.2 GHz Quad-Core Processor - The Quad Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Processor is clocked at 1.2 GHz makes the phone work like fluid. The speed is flawless. 
5. Guranteed Android Upgrades - Motorola has guaranteed Android updates though Motorola has been recently purchased by Lenovo. 
6. Exceptional Price - Such a phone cannot be even thought of, at such a low price. 
 
CONS 
1. Power and Volume Buttons - The power and volume buttons are a little wobbly. Though they are not creating any problem in usage, I thought of mentioning them in the review as a good review should present both the negative and the positive facts. 
2. Camera - The rear camera is a mere 5 MP which could be better 
3. Accessories - If we consider the accessories, the ear plugs not proved to be that good. However we cannot reject a phone just for the accessories. 
 
My overall experience with this phone has been amazing. I recommend this phone to them, those who have a budget between 14k-17k.Buy it already.I am software developer and my existing device was Google's Nexus 4. I am very comfort with my Nexus except its battery backup. And I heard about this Moto G launched India, I didn't thought about it much, as because how good it is compared to Google's own even though google acquired Motorola. But as soon as I heard about the specs and the performance of this device on other blogs, I can't believe it. When I rushed to Flipkart to buy it is already sold out and no stock. 
  I waited for over a month and also I subscribed with Flipkart to let me know when the stock replenished. It happens, and I placed the order the next minute I saw the mail for Moto G 16GB. Within 48hrs I received my Moto G from Flipkart there's an impressive response time from Flipkart than no one can beat. 
  Ok, now device is in my hand, I can't believe can't even breathe for a moment as the device incredible. In just Rs. 14,000 this device easily beats other premium devices like Samsung, Apple iPhone, Google Nexus, HTC One Simply great. Even this beats in some way of Motorola's own Moto X. What to say? AWESOME 
 
You think I am insane? Check out the gsmarena's review about Moto G and you will understand/insane. 
 
- VijayOkay now that's a phone you would want to get your hands on!.Saw the UK version of this phone in January. I was quite excited to see Google release such a great phone at an affordable price. With out much hesitation I ordered this BEAUTY on the first day release in India. 
Got the phone within 2 days. Was quite excited to open the box. The phone is awesome as said earlier and was quite surprised that to know that the box contents were HANDSET, HEADSET,CHARGER, unlike the UK version which needed us to order the headphones separately. Now, HEADSET is a full PAISA VASOOL. 
And now the HEADSET!! money you pay only gets you the HEADSET. Utter disappointment with the HEADSET. It looks like a cheap roadside one. Then the CHARGER, you could find one similar in the so called china model anywhere. Quality of the CHARGER is not up to the mark,comes with an adapter which is not detachable. 
Above all, you do not get an USB cable. Paying 15k I expect Motorola to give me a quality phone along with quality in box accessories. 
Overall, the phone is too good and definitely the best choice below the 20k mark. 
Rating I give is purely for the HEADSET and the features and thanks to Flipkart for bringing it to my doorstep.Nexus ka chhota bhai.....Flipkart - you rock (as always)... 
 
Moto G- if memory is not a constraint then go for it ASAP, no other thoughts. I owned Samsung S Advance and I know how it feels when samsung hangs.. 
 
Guys please consider this thought 
 
&gt; Samsung dont have a decent phone in 10k- 14k. All phones belonging to this range will start up showing lags, hangs,etc. Of course you can have them if they exceed RAM, good display etc but they will cost you around 18 k. 
&gt; Coming to some people who suggest XOLO (Moto G killer), MMX (foreign brands killer)etc see these phones are good but they aren't durable. I cant spend 13 k+ on the brands I dont trust. 
 
&gt;Performance. I have never played temple run 2 while my 3G data is ON in Samsung, it had lags. But not with this one. (I guess this sums up its performance), screen is so vibrant (IPS display). Most imp part battery, yaar its awsome 19 hrs while 2g data on all the time. (30 mins voice calls, 20 mins Temple run). 
 
When you will get a hand on MOTO G you will get to know why u cant let it go. 
 
No second thoughts if you are thinking to get a phone around 14k go get it friend...Suggestions for make it more Good and User friendly.Moto G is amazingly good in almost all in its features especially its camera both still and video. Video clarity is superb. In appearance wise as well as its user-friendliness makes its more attractive. However I found some minor lacking in its some facilities: 
Messaging &amp; Contact:- 
No option for group SMS. I have to select each contact every time for sending sms to a group of people which I have frequently contacted. When I contacted Moto G CC they advised me to download application which I have done also not working properly otherwise I have to go for a paid application. No option for selecting multiple sms&rsquo; for deleting inside a particular conversation (For eg: there may be tens of sms&rsquo; in a conversation and when I want to remove a few, there is no option for selecting more than one at a time. I have to delete it one by one). No option for selecting/marking multiple contacts at a time for a particular action-deleting/sms. No option for creating folders for moving/personalising our sms&rsquo;. 
 
Call : There is no option for call connecting alert. i.e., (There is a facility now available in almost all Phones, even in cost/technology, that there is an option for a vibration alert when call is answered and that facility enables us not to hold the phone near our ear until the call is answered). There is no such facility seen in Moto G. 
 
Gallery: There is no option seen for creating a folder for personalizing our files in gallery. Folders are system generated categorized folders based on the type or source of the files. Option for creating folders are available when connect it to PC. But that folders cannot be operated with phone directly unless we connected to PC.Definitely worth it!.Not gonna delve into technical specs , i'm just going to provide a few practical pros and cons I encountered after using the phone for one week , just to keep the prospective buyers informed. 
(no hardware issues with phone till now , but saw a lot of people reporting issues with the phone in the comments section.) 
 
Pros: 
 
Interface : this is the best OS interface IMO ( incl. iOS n WP8) . I'm in love with the stock Android UI. It has a subtle but aesthetic style... After using Samsung's UI which is ugly , bloated and laggy, this is very refreshing. Sony and HTC 's UI come really close though. 
 
Speed: It's really snappy... very rare and minor lags , mostly while using camera and while multitasking , which is negligible. 
 
It's even got a notification LED (a pleasant surprise) 
 
Design: Not the best of designs out there , but isn't something that you'd complain about. Minimalist design , some may even like it. 
 
Cons: 
 
The pull down notification drawer is underutilized. There's no one tap on/off for Wifi, Bluetooth, Screen Lock like Samsung or Sony's UI. You have to dig deep inside the Settings to change these . There are toggle widgets but they're clunky and buttons in the notification drawer is a better solution.This is very irritating. 
 
Camera takes &quot;okay&quot; photos , but the interface is a bit laggy , and the snapper is slow . 
 
The battery percentage is not shown in the status bar. Cant enable it in settings... there's a few apps in the Store for that. 
 
Notification LED didn't work at first. This is a common complaint , and it occurs when you already owned an Android phone that doesn't have a notification LED , and you are using the same Google account in this phone. There's a simple solution. Download the Motorola Notification LED widget in the Store , install it , enable the Notification LED , and uninstall it if you want. That would fix it. 
 
Apps can't be arranged the way we want in the app drawer (only alphabetical order is supported). A very minor annoyance. 
 
Lack of service centres. The service centres Flipkart provided were atleast 5 hrs away from my town... It would be a huge headache if I would need to get something repaired. Hope Motorola opens more service centers in the country. 
 
There are a few cons , but the pros outweigh the cons easily and the phone is definitely worth it !!!One of the best but has flaws...!!!.Firstly about the Flipkart Delivery,One word &quot;Excellent&quot;,place order on 27th march &amp; gets delivered to me on 28th march. 
 
Design: 
The Moto G is one of the thickest handset to be launched recently,but Motorola has wisely made the phone user friendly.The back panel has rubberised finish which gives an excellent grip.It could have made a bit lighter.The three usual Android keys - Return, Menu, and Recent tab - are located in the display itself. 
 
Display: 
The Motorola Moto G comes with a 4.5 inch display. This IPS LCD panel has high definition resolution, which means it has very good 326 ppi pixel density.On top of that the display has Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protective coating which safeguards the display from daily wear and tear. The touch response of the display is also top notch. 
 
Battery and Performance: 
The Motorola Moto G comes with Qualcomm MSM8226 Snapdragon 400 quad core processor which has a clockspeed of 1.2 GHz. Its Cortex A7 chip has Adreno 305 graphics processor unit and 1 GB RAM. 
During multi-tasking the phone performs well and did not face any lag.Its 2070 mAh battery comfortably provides back up for over 24 hours on light to medium usage. Even if you are a heavy user, you would able to get 12 hours of back up. 
 
Camera: 
It has a 5MP rear with LED flash &amp; slow motion recording capability.Its camera is the best in this price range.It also has 1.3MP front camera which is nice. 
 
Conclusion: 
The Motorola Moto G is definitely attractive and offers fluid performance. It is one of the best camera phones under Rs 20,000. It also comes with the latest Android operating system and offer good battery back up. But the biggest drawback is that it has very low storage facility. If you have no issues with its internal storage, then you can consider the Moto G 
 
Pros: 
It comes with the latest Android KitKat OS 
Offers a snappy performance 
It is perhaps the best camera phone in its segment 
 
Cons: 
Little storage space 
Its a bit heavy 
It has a non-removable batteryDamn good.In short.. A damn good phone for the price, the display is better than Iphone 4s in terms of pixel density, color reproduction and viewing angles. Even the black levels are very good. If your are looking for a phone under 25K's can't ignore this at any cost. 
Only downside maybe the weak camera, I think the camera by itself is okay but too much noise reduction has been applied to the pictures in software. You can very clearly notice noise reduction artefacts. Other than that no real deal breakers. 
By the way the battery life is really good, I managed 2 days with wi-fi switched on the whole time updating and installing tons of applications. I even played asphalt 8 for around 30 mins or so. 
 
There is a known issue with Moto-g reporting 1% battery all of a sudden if you plug it into usb and take it out all of a sudden, this is cured only if you follow a full discharge - recharge routine once. supposedly re-calibrates the micro controller in the battery. 
 
Make sure you charge the battery properly to 100% before use and then let it discharge completely. Charge it back again.Perfect Phone for the Price..Placed an Order on 27th Feb 2014 and received the product on 1st March 2014 (3 Days Flat). Kudos! to Flipkart. Excellent delivery 5*. But please choose some Good Delivery guys [Decent Mannered]. 
 
I own a Note 3 a humongous phone my style. But my wife needed a smaller device and dual sim supported. Only options i had was the likes of Micromax. Nothing against Micromax or its user base. For some reason I never felt the quality for the price they offering the devices. Personally held the device from friends and used too for few hours. Not Satisfied. And don't really have lot of choices [Dual sim supported] except for HTC One with dual sim. 
 
Long story short. After weeks of research and product reviews decided on Moto G. And oh Boy! this was an exact reference to our need. 
 
Pros: 
 
1. Bigger than iPhone 4 [my wife's &amp; Mine prev.Phone]. But easy to handle, can operate with thumb from bottom of the screen towards the top - Diagonally. 
2. 16GB is adequate. 
3. Great speaker quality. 
4. Kitkat 4.4.2 Out of the Box. 
5. Ergonomic and Premium feel plastic material. Sturdy Build Quality. 
6. Gorgeous Screen. 
7. Dual SIM [Micro] 
8. Good Battery Backup. Well works for more than a day. Who needs a Fusion Reactor to run forever. 
9. Blazingly fast for the price. Snappy is the word! 
10. Most of all ALMOST Stock. [These words are coming from TouchWiz User/well shited to Nova Launcher] 
11. Overall worth every penny paid/spent. An All rounder. 
 
Cons: 
 
1. Battery. Average I could say. Motorola could have charged a few hundred bucks more and atleast would have offered an Eighter [8 MP] 
2. Back covers always run out of stock and Expensive for just a thin plastic Sheet. 
3. Headphone &amp; Charger provided in the Box are CRAP!Great budget Phone.Managed to order my 16 gb Moto g on the launch day itself at midnight. Got it delivered in 3 days and was lucky enough to get the launch offers.If you are looking for a phone with good spec under 15k, then Moto g is for you.The service from flipkart was decent enough that a list of service centres of motorola were also attached with the bill. 
 
The built quality is good and you don't find any cheap plastics used for making the phone.It may appear a lil heavier for those who have used a phone with sleek designs.But it has a decent look with the black front panel and 4.5 inch display. 
Coming to the performance I did not notice any lags so far as it has a quad core under the hood, however the phone gets heated up on gaming for an hour. 
The screen is exceptionally good with a greater ppi when compared to its competitors.The touch response is great and It plays full HD videos without any lag on seeking. 
The 5 mp camera takes decent pictures on good light,however the performance is not up to the mark on poor lighting. 
 
I have already got the kitkat update.Though they claim to have a better dialer ,it takes some time for me to get used to it.The RAM usage of kitkat is comparatively less to the Jelly bean.Well I am not sure about the battery performance as I could hardly make out a difference between them. 
 
 Moto g does not come with a USB cable and the headphones that they shipped was not that good when compared to the samsung ones.The charger gets heated up soon and I am not sure whether its common for all other users.The flip shell that I purchased as a part of launch offer was really good.Its a smart cover which has a magnet and locks your phone when you close it. 
 
Over all its a great budget phone.Absolutely the best phone for this price.This is my 5th Moto G!!! Yes - I've bought that many - for family, myself, friends etc. 3-4 other folks have bought the phone based on my recommendation. Buy it with the original flip case if you want to change the phone color and/or get a flip case (I love my white flip case). 
 
Great screen + resolution, superb battery life (with dual SIM), works fine in India and abroad (I use one US SIM and one India SIM - both work perfectly), zero heating/ battery drain etc. The Motorola migrate and motorola assist are incredibly useful and they are about the only added on software besides the native Google package. The India package includes a charger and a headset - both of which were excluded in the original package released in the US. So the India phone is much better value than the price/ package in the US. The included headset includes a mute and cancel/answer button - something which makes headset usage very nice. GPS locks immediately, and the screen brightness is sufficient to clearly see the directions despite it being in direct sunlight. 
 
No Samsung/ LG phone even comes close to this phone in VFM - not even the Nexus phone. The Nexus 4 was undoubtedly lighter and higher specs, but the MotoG does just fine for my daily usage.Moto G good smart phone recommended!!.Flipkart as usual delivered it lightning fast! The protective packaging was done meticulously which speaks volumes for the Flipkart operations team. My old Blackberry 9360 smart phone was eligible for the exchange offer, so i received a rebate of Rs. 2000 for the 16GB version. 
 
* Comes with a charger 
* Comes with a Motorola headset 
* A set of instruction leaflets. 
* No USB cables to connect it to a computer 
 
Simple facts, IF: 
* You want a stock android experience 
* You want to be one of the first to get latest android OS updates from Google 
* You want a phone which on moderate usage lasts you beyond a day without any fuss 
* You are not an app dependent, heavy user or a person who only prefers a phone over a computer or anything else. 
* You don't run heavy demanding graphic oriented games 
* You want lightning fast service from Flipkart 
 
THEN: this is the right phone for you. :) 
 
For a budget phone it packs quite a punch! Have been using it with the wifi ON, Games constantly being played and moderate internet usage, it has still been able to give me a good day's usage without any trouble and the battery happily retaining a charge around 38% by the end of the day. 
 
All the updates came very quickly thanks to stock android OS more or less. The phone has not hung, nor has been glitchy at all. Personally i don't like to run applications at the background unless it is absolutely necessary so my experience has been really good. 
 
* Phone synced with gmail at an instant. Didn't lose any of the old mails 
* Since my earlier phone contact was synced directly with Google contacts, i didn't even had to bother with transferring anything from my old phone. Everything happened instantly and all old numbers were visible on Moto G at an instant! 
* Android Apps are plenty and easily downloadable from Google Playstore 
* All apps installed effortlessly 
* The &quot;OK Google&quot; feature seems to work on the contrary to the reviews available online. Not sure if it is just with the 16GB model or whether the 8GB model also has the same features or whether it has just come as a bonus with Android KITKAT OS. 
* The rear phone camera is good enough for FB and social media uploads, don't expect it to offer an SLR like quality or anywhere close to expensive Samsungs and iphones. REMEMBER: this is a simple budget phone!! 
 
In comparison to other phones this is the best one can get hold of in this price range. Very happy and super impressed with the battery life. Would definitely recommend it!! 
 
once again thank you Flipkart for such a speedy service. :) 
 
Regards,Good Phone! Pathetic Accessories!!.All the reviewers had already told all the good things about this nice phone. So, I will only tell what are things that disappointed me. 
 
1) USB cable for data transfer is not given. No one has mentioned about this. If this is your first smartphone, you would have to spend additional money to buy a cable to do data transfer (Workaround: There are apps like Wifi File transfer using which you can transfer data between your system and mobile.) 
 
2) Extremely pathetic earphones. Nokia 1100 would have had a better ear phone than this. 
 
3) Extremely pathetic charger. It doesn't fit in any normal holder. You would have to do a lot of adjusting before you can see the charging symbol. (Workaround: Buy a very costly spike buster. I have a Belkin spike buster and only in that this fits properly. In all other holders, it dances) 
 
BTW, though it has 5 MB camera, the photos are too good in bright sunlight. Very happy with the device and very very disappointed with everything other than the device. 
 
The missing one star is for the accessories.Value for money except headphone music.I have been using this phone for 1 and half month and overall this is a value for money phone 
Reasons to have it 
1. Dual sim phone with display of 326 ppi. Vivid and crisp picture quality. Very good for games and movies. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 gives it scratch resistant screen. 
2. 2070 mah battery enough to last 1 and half day with heavy use. 
3. Produce very good still pictures in daylight. Auto focus and flash enabled camera. 
 720 p video output produce HD movies but not full HD. 
4. Phone does not hang or show any lag what so ever. 
5. Optimal performance and true value for money phone. 
 
There are following drawbacks that can be easily ignored compared to price and features 
1. No USB cable supplied with the accessories so need to buy a separate one. 
2. Headphone sound quality is so-so though speaker performs super. I tried different headphones e.g. sony, dell bluetooth headset, Nokia, htc but no help. So if you are a music lover, this is not the phone to go after. 
3. Definitely not good if you receive/make lot of calls. No option for selective delete or delete all contacts at once, you cannot copy contacts to and from the sim card, all the contact default save to Gmail account, no option to save them on the phone or sim card. 
4. Sometime camera show error and won't open till you reboot the phone. 
5. Stock android kitkat update no modification by Motorola. You will need to download a file browser to navigate with files/folders. Try ES file explorer.Great Phone at reasonable Price..I ordered the phone on launh date and got delivery on 14th Feb. 
The phone came with Android 4.3 Jelly Bean. 
As soon as I switched the phone on it asked for Google Id and when it detected the net connection it showed that update is available for Android 4.4 Kit Kat. The update file was 230MB. So effectively before I can use the phone it upgraded to latest available version of Android, 
 
The speed of the phone is very good. What is most impressive is the crispy display. The display is very sharp and is better than iPhone 4.. The phone supports only micro sims and I could not test the call function because I did not had the micro sims with me. 
 
There are two drawbacks. One is that you cannot increase the memory as there is not slot for expandable storage but it is my perception that the phone might support USB Flash drives connected through OTA cables. In my opinions 8GB phone should not be bought because of lack of memory card slots. 
 
Second drawback is Camera. The camera performance is slightly lower than expectation. 
 
But the phone is much more than worth the money at 14K.Excellent Mobile from Motorola.Display -Too good. 326 ppi for this cost is good. 
Design - good looks. 
Battery - I was able to use it for 1 and half day. 
Browser - Browsing speed is fast (Compared with Samsung Mob). 
Camera - Picture quality is not that great. Did a video call in skype and front camera video quality is worse. 
Application and phone performance is good. 
Has Sensor to adjust the brightness automatically which is good feature in 14k mobile. 
Overall worth buying it. 
 
Had Bought 2 Moto G . One mob had issue in getting switched on. had registered complaint. later found out in the internet that power button shud be held for 18+ sec. 
finally it worked.Moto g warranty.Lenovo had an official statement saying that flipkart are not authorized resellers of motto g hence no warranty will applicable . Could you please confirm itFinally I got the best phone under 20K and the service of the flipkart was good.After doing lot of research on different phones, Finally I selected MOTO-G 
I bought this phone 15 days back, delivered within 3 days. The service of the Flipkart was excellent. 
 
The device performance was awesome. I got directly with updated android 4.4 version(KitKat). 
1)Battery has 1/1.5 day life of full charge, I used complete with WIFI, apps and games. 
2)The screen was real gorilla glass, I'm using without screen guard. 
3)The ram performance of the device was excellent, No lag when we play games or using apps. 
4) Camera was not dam good, but I compare with xperia m it was also same. 
5) Mainly it was google product all apps are working good with proper support. 
6) The Moto g has the same UI and options as like Idea phone(Aurus 3). 
7) The screen was good in sunlight condition also. 
8) The out speaker was louder, but the headset was worst better to reduce 100rs on price without providing the headset. 
 
Final words, If you compromise on camera 5MP and 16gb better to go with MOTO-GMy Moto G from Flipkart.Well, Inspite of many reviews about Moto G, I'd happily write this one. 
I recieved my Moto G [8Gb. Black] just in two days flat while the expected delivery was till 19 Apr. 
The delivery by Ekart was very satisfactory. 
The product itself was in good condition with Jellybean ver. I opened the box to my delight and got the best of the accessories safe. The camera is good, and the device has an automatic brightness control setting, this should really help as we need to adjust manually for different outside conditions before. The battery saving mode is also quite better considering the in-built battery becomes the main issue with this device. 
I updated the MotoG to Kitkat 4.4.2 with a 240Mb download over wifi. Installed some games and the screen is brilliantly hassle free with the games. 
For the SIM part- it takes only MicroSIM pl note that and arrange for a microSIM if you dont have one with your telco. 
So, as far as now, its a brilliant new joy ride on MotoG. Go for It by all means.Superb phone under 20K.I have been using the phone for past two weeks and the experience is getting great by every day. 
The HD display, Cam ( you can have better cam on the Nokia but it gonna cost you 20k+), multi tasking all other stuffs are too good. 
And you are getting KitKat for just 13k, that's more than awesome. KitKat is too good as OS. 
And the battery is also giving me good time. I am getting almost one-and-day on full re-charge and that too with dual sim and internet (I keep the net connection always on). 
Well on the con side, i can only say that you can't insert an SD card and both the sim are micro. For some people at least one sim as normal would have helped more (for me its fine, just that when i change the sim to my Samsung Tab2 or Galaxy Duos i have to use the sim case). And this pure android experience may be difficult for some people as from contacts to your calender updates gets stored in your gmail id. 
Other than these things i was unable to find any tech faults or lagging till now.Don't think so take it as best phone in this range..Since last two month i searched a lot for good phone in my buget as it worth me for my money. I was so confused which phone to choose what i wanted. Luckly i see about moto g launched by google. It contains all features what i needed. I bought it from flipcart two week before.now i am satisfied with it.as it has....... 
4.4 kitkat updated immediately,1.2gh quad core processor,1gb ram.it works with no lags.it has good quality camera as5 mp back,1.3mb front as compare to other 5mb phone.sound,video quality(720*1280pixel) is awesome. Battery backup is also good as it stands for 7-8hour seeing videos. It has cornnig gorilla glass, non scratcheble,water resistant and display is 4.5inch which is too good. Only disadvantage is having no insertable memory card but no worry take 16gb phone,also you can connect to pendrive and card reader. 
So don't waste your time and take it from flipcart.also not worry about flipcart as it gives best service,in 30 days exchageble, refundable. 
So hurry up.Moto G is a must buy for people looking for a budget smartphone.i purchased this 16 giga byte version of the Moto G around 2 weeks back, and I must say that i am really impressed!!! first of all what struck me was the amazing build quality of the device! from the moment I first powered on the device i was captivated by the brilliant screen! let me tell you that it is extremely hard to come by such a good display at this price point!and ofcourse performance! I would not call it blazing fast... but it gets the job done! i have been using budget android phones for about 4 years now and this is by far the best one i have used! i do not experience any regret of buying this phone at all! 
i am extremely happy with the product! 
Edit1: I have to report that it took almost a week of charging cycles for the battery to reach its full capacity... And note the battery life is brilliant! I can easily get 14 hours of life with heavy usage! That is 4 and a half hours of screen time with heavy gaming, browsing, texting and calling! Very good battery life!A Perfect Smart Phone.I have been using this cell from last 3 week and still I feel the same excitment as I was the day I received it. I may say people who are confused for which cell to go for in mid range phone and do not want to compensate with the quality then go for this product. Overall the product features are good but some of them for which I am really impressed are: 
1. The Sound quality 
2. Resolution of screen. You will enjoy watching videos 
3. Very smooth touch functions. 
4. Nice gaming experience 
5. Build up material and the screen size. 
 
Camera quality is even better but the quality depends on the surrounding light conditions. 
 
Worth for Money.I will suggest to go for it without giving a second thought if you are looking for a budget phone meeting all the quality standards. 
 
And last but not least as usual flipkart delivery was too soon and was very happy to receive it before the date of delivery they had mentioned( Got it in 4 working days and they had mentioned nearly 9 working days)premium smartphone for 14 k ..thanks to Flipkart. orderd on 3rd april n recieved in 2 days.my first online purchase. 
 i just love this phone. premium feel, nice display..back side have good grip. 
I was searching online for mobile under 20k and sorted out to sony xperiac, xolo 3000, 
moto X too( 24k) but concluded into moto g. 
Sony gonna launch Z2 this month n may be older models prize may fall..(z series getting bend... saw many users reviews) 
xolo 3000 best for battery life (4000mah) ... 
i just wanted to try my luck on this product and am happy using this, 
first day battery last only 12 hrs with navigation n surfing ..second day it last for 18 hrs ..i use a separate mobile for calling under 2k.. since most smartphones are like this. 
i was not worried abt 5 mp camera since I use sony camera . 
i feel for 14 k its worth buying this one. overall experience is good. 
i would recommend this one . 
Go ahead if u want to buy something for the money you pay .. 
will review in detail after one month ...My Experience and Issues.Delivery: 
Got it earlier than promised so thank you flipkart for that. 
Moto G - 16GB: 
Its an awesome phone when you compare it with 1GB RAM phones but dont compare it with 2GB RAM ones, you will be disappointed if you expect that kind of performance. 
Best thing about this phone is the Battery life, no need to carry the data-cable to office(but it takes long time to charge). Camera quality is above average. 
Build quality is great and reliable, phone doesn't feel plasticky in your hand. 
Issues: 
After using headset the phone became mute(no audio from both sides during call), problem solved after rebooting. 
Sometimes Application icons goes invisible when u moves across apps screen and only black screen shows up. problem solved after rebooting. 
Sometimes apps take long time to open, no resolution found. 
I try to Power Off but instead it restarts, no resolution found. 
 
I would strongly recommend this phone if you can't afford(or don't want to spend on) 2GB RAM, Quadcore phones.Totally Awesome.This is my first Android smartphone, actually it's my first smartphone ever. This phone is awesome. Don't think much. 
 
The Moto G delivers premium stock Android experience at an extremely low price for it's specs. I simply love it. Motorola hasn't overshadowed the Android experience like Samsung or HTC, but it has simply complemented the stock Android experience. Assist and Migrate(although I haven't tried it) are awesome concepts. For people who have problems with storage, don't worry. 50 GB of drive space is offered with this device and people who complaint that this device doesn't have expandable memory, Android was never supposed to have memory cards. The Android community decided this years ago. And for me at least, 8 GB is enough along with Drive. 
 
One problem is that there's no native Google Drive for linux, so linux users may have problems, although you can still use the online interface, or use it through Windows like I do.Works as Advertised. Delightfully.This phone was purchased for office use where the conservative cumulative call duration each day is in excess of 4hrs and this phone doesn't bat and eyelid. Once charged fully, it easily breezes through a full days worth of calls without needing to be recharged. 
 
As promised, the phone got an OTA (over the air) update from Google the same day it was released. Call clarity and quality is on par with any of phone of any other established brand. Absolutely no complaints. 
 
This review is after 2 months of everyday battering so, any niggles would have come out by now (which they haven't). 
 
I had a few reservations about the velvety-matte black back the phone came with, but it has taken the rough and tumble of being used by over 6 people each day pretty well and has nothing to show for if except a couple of minor scratches. 
 
Definitely worth a buy for those who are looking at a capable everyday phone that could replace their old phones which needed charging once every two days.Must Buy Phone.I have buyed This phone On Flipkart obviously It Is Available on flipkart so.....Let go ahead I Am Using This Phone From About 24 days .. I dont feel That This Phone Is Not worthy !!! I ll Say It is Worthy Phone In This Price Racket ..It Defeats Galaxy Grand2 Also In benchmark ......It Having Gorilla Glass 3 ...Such A Protective ....It Has Water repellent...Save phone In rainy Season And MOstly In Humidity Season ... such As U R person Who Using Air Cooler ..It Gives Water Humidity In That Case It is Relaxable phone .......While i was siting In air Cooler I have This PHone In My Right hand And S4 In Left hand ...Guess What S4 Get Little Water Inside and This Phone Motog Got water Droplets On Screen and On back But Not Inside Soo..... Ihave tested This Phone for water repellent And it wins man Feeling Great ......Good phone.Good phone. Upgraded to kitkat.Where the Moto G fell short was in its camera, battery life and inability to access faster, 4G LTE cellular networks. For everything else I tested, the Moto G stood up well. 
Motorola doesn't skimp in equipping the Moto G with a speedy processor. Apps launch almost as quickly as they do on the phone's pricier rivals. The Moto G runs a fairly recent version of Google's Android system, with a promised upgrade to the latest, KitKat. 
The Moto G also has a decent screen. It's about as sharp as the Moto X's and the iPhone's, enough for 720p video, though the Nexus and various Samsung phones do better by offering full, 1080p high definition. The Moto G's screen measures 4.5 inches diagonally, which is larger than the iPhone's but small for Android. Colours aren't as rich as on the Moto X's display, but if I want a superb visual experience, I'd turn to a tablet, a TV or even a movie theater. For a phone, the Moto G's screen delivers video quite well.Moto G Buying Experience.Guys after reading too many reviews and waiting for my Moto G to get delivered I could come to the following conclusions: 
 
1. The delivery is being made randomly. I think they are dispatching the products nearer to their warehouses to complete the deliveries and reduce their pending orders. I know it can be really frustration for some as still many haven't got their Moto and its been 10 days while some have already got in 2. 
2. COD orders are given preference (Just my Observation). May be just to confirm more no of orders as in other mode of payment in case of cancellation, you may get return money in flipkart wallet only. 
3. Customers Care people are trying their best to calm down furious customers. Kudos to them as they are doing their job and I think people should understand that somethings are out of their control too. 
 
Just wait and relax, I hope they would be getting the stock up soon. 
 
P.S. I bought mine on 16th and still waiting for its deliver to happen soon.Best buy, best features.Its almost a month now I've been using Moto G (8 GB). Besides I was bit confused about it earlier, but now I'm simply loving it. It gives best features in affordable amount. There is just one flaw that I noticed; long hours of playing video/audio (like listening songs overight, while being on charging as well) caused overheating of device. I was scared for the first time but then I started avoiding such conditions and everything is fine since then. About rest of the features, no lagging in any games (even games like Iron man 3) and almost 350MB of its RAM is always free when you're not playing any games. Games like temple run and subway surfer runs like cherry. 
I had purchased this mobile to try more technical things like running my server on it and it meets all my requirements. 
So, if you're confused whether to buy it or not, go for it. But to be sure, you might like to buy 16 GB version as 8 GB version gives storage of only 5.5GB as available which fills up very soon.A smartphone to remember.Moto G is a marvel at the price point it offers. I am using the phone for about 2 weeks and still haven't noticed any serious drawback. The first thing that catches mind is the ergonomic design. The phone is very comfortable to pick up &amp; hold in one hand, still without much compromising on screen size. HD resolution display coupled with corning gorilla glase ensure a crisp and sharp display. Camera quality, though not for those photography enthusiasts, is good enough for social networking. Connectivity with 3g, wifi networks seems faster. There is a handy cloud printing facility with which you can print the documentw via any net connected printer (Even if it isn't cloud ready). 
Apart from all of these 2 outstanding feathres are Multitasking Capability and Decent battery life&hellip; thanks to Quad core snapdragon processor coupled with 1 gb RAM. The battery can last for two days with moderate usage. So if you would like to know the smartphone concept, grab it today.A great phone but sometimes touch doesn't respond.Using this baby since 2 weeks, definitely a stunner but.... 
 
PROS: 
 
you can flaunt it and no one will say you its not branded or chinese 
 
OS: Android v4.3 got an update to 4.4.2 kitkat 
 
Processor:with Quad Core this baby is smooth 
 
Display:1280 x 720 IPS LCD...bang for the buck! 
 
Corning Gorilla Glass 3..not available in any phone below 20K 
 
CAMERA.:5 MP with flash not very good but I can live with that !, Secondary Camera:Yes its there 
 
Video Recording	720 x 1280, 30 fps HD Recording	HD,Slow Motion Video 
 
BATTERY:2070 mAh. duh !!! 
 
STORAGE:Internal,16 GB, No microsd , you cannot get everything dude !!!!! 
 
USB Connectivity:Yes, micro USB, v2 and you get OTG support too 
 
Navigation Technology: GPS, i expected better than this 
 
Cons: 
I hate to say that this baby is bad , sometimes touch just refuses to respondMotorola back with a bang.The pioneer in mobile is back with a bang. Moto G is an excellent mid range phone. I have one more phone from Motorola stable i.e. Moto Defy MB525. Coming to Moto G, it has a total of 12.92 GB storage out of 16 GB and out of which is available storage is 11.98 GB which is more than enough for a normal phone handler. You can install apps through play store or apk files. 5 MP camera is good. Android 4.3 software. Kitkat 4.4.2 Update received and installed and working as smooth as silk. It has a software Motorola Migrate to import all your data from another Motorola phone in just few minutes. You get 50GB google drive for two years within 30 days of activation of phone. Google Translate app is also provided. It has micro sim slots one on top right and the other bottom left if you face back side. Finally Flipkart Delivery within 50 hours of booking. GreatDon't waste your money on Moto G.Hi people, 
Moto G is supposed to be a 'value for money' phone until u handle it with utmost care. One small drop and the glass breaks like egg shell. The cost of the glass is Rs.5500 which will make its effective cost Rs.18000. Still you have the risk of breaking the glass again. 
Don't get fooled by their claim that it is Gorilla glass. 
Whats worse ??? You need to keep it out of reach of children. When the glass breaks, it breaks in tiny pieces that prick you badly and can even get under the skin. Don't let it happen to little ones. 
Apart from this the camera is of very low quality. You tend to lose a lot of special moments. 
Please don't buy this phone.Moto G , After 15 days of use , a un biased Review and Comparison.first off all very perfect service and packing by flipkart , it has been 3 years since i first ordered from flipkart and still it is always my first preference for online shopping 
 
Moto G Prospectives 
1. Good Build Quality and availability of Good Quality Accessories also 
2. A snappy and stable processor , good Ram (860mb to be precise , not exactly 1gb (my xolo q800 has 940mb) ) 
3. A fanatastic display no doubt about that 
4. Fairly good battery life (1 to 11/2 day depending on use ) 
5. Kitkat 4.4 out of the Box and hope for quick updates (Dont know how lenovo acquisition will mess it , but as per moto the will release update quicker) 
6. sturdy Build 
7. No lag , No issues , no device hangs etc 
8. 13 GB space available for both apps and user personal data (which is good ) 
9. Less than 10 seconds to GPS connectivity (coldstart) (5 out of 5 ) 
10. Software is basic and perfect , no bullshit touchwiz ness (sammy ui sucks ) 
 
Consequences 
1. verry less sensors , even myHammer On Your Own Feet.You should be marketing it right with the launch I was just so very Keen to buy this phone Just Because My delivery destination was far Off I was denied by the Server, I waited till Late Midnight And at that point even the Delivery charges were even Free 
But as of now everything is further more delayed, I think What evabody is thinking Is of The opinion That May be the phone is Advertised Highly But When its time to own it, I think they have'nt reached out to their depth 
May be a Little more research work b4 putting on your shelf Might have faired better or even Extraordinary Results 
AS of now I am A bit dissapointed 
And flipkart Is Not to blame for that 
The company itself must have come out with choices in sellers Or Distributors 
In MY opinion Totally Playing with the Patience and Loyalty Of the CustomersMoto G performance.I was so curious to get the product. but after using it came to know that its not performing as expected. touch screen is almost dead on some part of left side. i am not able to type numeric one(1) at all. because touch is not working in that area. in some heavy applications like candy crush. top left and bottom left corner touch work automatically. it is hilarious you will seem that the phone is being used by some other invisible man. oh god. just not expected. 
i hope the problem might be with single product. i have just put the replacement on the filpkart website. 
 
this time my rating wont be good. but if handset will be replaced, i will give 5 star.Not good.Hi, 
 
I surprised when opened parcel. I saw Black mobile with white charger and white ear phone. How it is possible and when would it happen start that accessories and product come in different colour which show that I take these from local market. Secondly when I plugged in the phone within 15-20 minutes charger got so warm/ hot like as I touch a fire gas. Immediately I unplugged it and I tried 2-3 times in several different time interval but still same problem. It would also effect on my mobile slowly - slowly and its performance in future, in fact mobile also become warm. After some time I would need wheel of Motorola Service center. 
 
I listen a lot of positive things about this website. It is my first product from Flip kart and I was very surprised. After it I don&rsquo;t want purchase any product from Flip kart. 
 
I am looking your response ASAP.GREAT JOB BY MOTOROLA AND FLIPKART....Great job by MOTOROLA &amp; GOOGLE team by bringing a phone like this at economical price... 
. 
It's gona rule the mobile market in India... 
. 
. 
Great job by FLIPKART by bringing back the product in to market on the launching day itself after shortage due to huge booking... 
. 
Good launch offers by flipkart... 
. 
. 
. 
I will rate the product performance after few days of usage...Moto G - All I wanted is here.I gifted this phone to my wife on our 2nd Anniversary praying that she would love it, it was a big gamble for me to go with this all new phone which harldy anyone knows. 
At last my gamble paid off, my wife has loved the phone very much. 
The touch is very awesome, you never find any issues. 
Music is very clear and loud and so is picture clarity. 
Picture quality is exceptionally adn I stand by it as I did compare the pictures taken from iPhone and Samsung Grand. Moto G picture quality stands apart. 
Switching between the applications is very easy and Moto Help/Assit is always there to help with useful tips. 
It has all the best features that a high end Smartphones have. This is a good replacement for Samsung phones which are currently ruling the smartphone world. 
This is a very good phone for people who are looking for budget phones. 
As they say, ood things come in small packages, Moto G hass proved it. 
Proud to be a MOTO G owner.Amazing budget phone.Short Version - A trimmed down version of Google Nexus with little bit of Motorola elements 
 
My Usage - 
1. Phone Calls using SIM 
2. Video Calls over Skype/Hangout 
3. Blogging 
4. Internet Usage 
5. Reading News 
 
Pros - 
1. Very compactly packaged with bare essentials. 
2. Great battery life. With constant data usage and moderate phone calls, and calls over wifi it lasts more than a day after charging to full. 
3. Crystal clear display, contrasts are sharp. 
4. Photo quality is good. 
5. Amazingly fast! Applications load fast, and handles multitasking brilliantly without a glitch. 
6. Comes with Jellybean, you can upgrade to KitKat immediately. 
7. Dual sim support. 
8. Charges quickly. 
9. 50 GB free space on Google Drive. [Yes, this is an advantage!] 
 
Cons - 
1. USB charging is too slow. 
2. Does not come with a USB cable so you would need a different USB cable for data transfer. 
3. Micro SIM supported. [This is not really a disadvantage if you are already using a Micro SIM]Outperforms 20k Phones easily - Exceptional Phone, Superb Call Quality.Bought this Phone on the 14th, delivered on 15th promptly under the 'In a day' guarantee scheme. Before buying, read through most reviews on Flipkart to understand the phone in depth. However, couldn't find answer to one KEY AREA that I was looking for i.e. ' CALL QUALITY'. 
The Call Quality thing was constantly bothering me as I read in few Well Known sites about Hollow sounding voice and constant buzzing sound. 
Most reviews on Flipkart revolved around Camera Quality, Build Quality, value etc but hardly any on 'CALL QUALITY'. 
Took a Chance and bought this. Not disappointed one bit - this phone has excellent Reception and the Call Quality is superb. 
In short, Excellent phone - would recommend this to anyone confidently. Camera is not as great but not Sad either - its average (manageable). Many complained about Earphone Quality - yes they look cheap, but definitely don't sound bad - decent sound quality, though lower on bass. 
 
Overall, one word &quot;BRILLIANT&quot;.Excellent product worth much more than what you pay.I have just placed an order for the MOTO G, now i have 2 phones of this make. One for my better half and this one for my DAD. I believe this phone is the only one with a good battery life in this range of phones. I have been a great freak for gadgets and as far as my choice is concerned this is one the best i have ever had. I am using a nexus 5 which is a far more superior phone in terms of processing power, RAM, storage and so on but i think this one has a better screen than the nexus i would give this the maximum number of stars.......5 
Pros- 
- Cost is awesome for a product like this 
- Screen is better than many of its counter parts 
- Quad core processor at dirt cheap rate 
- Camera 5 MP good for many who do not need a good cam 
- Bare android with kit kat upgrade(guaranteed) 
- Screen size optimum (Can use with one hand easily) 
 
Cons- 
- Storage space not expandable 
- Memory should have been 1.5Gigs maybe but good enough with what has been provided 
 
Go for it peopleSuperb VFM.I was looking for a branded product with solid quality and affordable price tag !!!! 
 
Was I asking for too much ??? 
 
The Nexuses &amp; Samsungs (decent ones) were beyond my budget. 
 
Moto G came just in time and at the right price tag. I grabbed it !!! 
 
I wanted 16 GB but could not book in time as the order failed to get through twice due to some issue in my laptop. On 3rd attempt, it went out of stock. 
 
Hence I settled for 8 GB. But no regrets.. 
 
OTG works smooth. 
 
The Box contained charger &amp; head phone - decent quality. 
 
The feel of Moto G is fantastic. I enjoying it every bit. No glitches so far. 
 
Both SIMs support 3G. 
 
One thing I noticed: Kitkat upgrade is not available right now, maybe I missed some steps but will have to check again. 
 
Delivery from Flipkart as usual, was much before committed date. Delivery had been committed on 12th Feb, and I received delivery before date on 8th Feb. Good work FlipKart !!!!BEST PHONE UNDER 25000.If you are looking for a phone that is powerful, cheap as well as fast then don't think about any other phones, just go for it. 
 
PROS 
===== 
-&gt; Since it is running stock android you will be getting the vanilla experience of android. 
-&gt; The display is just too good and it is gorilla glass 3 too. 
-&gt; The viewing angle is just awesome because of the ips lcd display. 
-&gt; Their is no lag at all even after installing heavy apps. 
-&gt; The built quality is really nice with a matt finish rubbery back side. 
-&gt; You will be getting a battery backup of 2 days. 
CONS 
===== 
-&gt; The camera is just ok only but in this segment this is the best camera you can get. 
 
So if you are a person who needs latest android updates, fast, cheap, good built quality and good display just grab this phone nothing else to say...AweSomE!!!.MOTO g Was a bday gift 4 me...got 16gb version..now its been over 15 days i am using this phone, 
not once the phone hanged the performance of the processor is of top notch..android 4.4.2 kitkat is doing justice to the gr8 hardware of the phones ..browsing is great experience,,touch respoce is buttery smooth no lags at all...over build quality is of premium quality.. 
battery is also not bad at all when compared with it other competitors...camera is also very good.. 
but,nothing i perfect..there are sum cons,, 
cons: 
1.The In-box accessories was very average no connecting USB chord,,charger is also very cheap.. 
 headphones are ok.... 
2.the volume and lock buttons on side of the phone are little lose. 
 
Conclusion: 
if u have budget of 14000/- this is the phone u must go for....plzz dont go foe 8gb varient 
bcoz it only gives 5.5gb of user accessible memory which i think was not enough for 
phone having HD screen.. 
MOTO u rock!!!!Believe in the hype!.All the hype about moto G,and really..you must know that this hype is created more by the users than the marketing company(my eyes are at you Apple!). But this phone,am so glad to say,right lives up to all the hypes surrounding it.I have been using micromax a89 before this phone,and charging it on regular basic had become more of a habit than anything else.Also I had this phobia of not using it on data outside home..you never know when the battery runs dead! Now, I have to say that I &quot;try&quot; to drain the battery..but even with data on and some random browsing and using whatsapp etc,it takes me 4-5 hrs to bring the charge down to 40-50%,and am talking continuous screen-on time.I love its battery life. The display is crystal, I can barely look at my old micromax after seeing its display.I have played blood and glory 2 here without a hitch.I have over 4 gig filled with apps,but still its running smoothly.Do use cleanmaster and greenify for better performance.MOTO G 8GB incredible.Hello All, 
 
I have ordered the MOTO 8 GB on 7-02-2014; I received on 13-02-2014. It got quite delayed even though after receiving the model and by seeing its performance I really astonished. 
 
In box it contain the following items 
a)	White charger 
b)	Ear phones 
c)	MOTO G Mobile. 
 
Note: - It doesn&rsquo;t contain the USB Cable (Data Cable). 
 
Pros:- 
	Touch screen sensitivity is awesome. 
	Processor performance is good (Fast accessibility) 
	Internet access is incredible. 
	Video quality is awesome 
	Curvey body of the mobile makes comfortable to use on our palm. 
 
Cons:- 
	Camera quality is not that much good.Absolutely amazing phone ! Go for it.....I ordered this product the 16 GB variant on 08/02/2014 and i was notified that it will be delivered once released. I successfully received this product on 18/02/2014, after 10 ten days exactly. So a no problem deal was done. 
 
Now about the phone. I am using this for over 11 days now and till now i haven't faced any problem. The phone is amazing and it does not lags at all. Each and every feature of the phone is working perfectly, i also got the 50 GB on Google Drive as promised. Though the phone is cheap but it does not feel cheap in hand. And i would recommend this phone to everyone who hates Samsung and deserves to have a better phone than Samsung's garbage. The battery lasts for 12 hours dot after using it extensively and charging it to full. 
 
Everyone who are facing problem with the delivery of their phone, please be patient and trust flipkart as they are trying their level best. And just because they were late, that does not mean i should reduce the stars.Finally arrived @ special &quot;SMART&quot;phone.YES, Moto stands for what it's saying &amp; stands for the buzz around it. 
After confusions &amp; comparisons with high end phones (nexus 5,Xperia), myself get convinced to vote for Moto G and result is shot on bulls eye.i can't ask for better than that. 
Whaat a master piece from moto at 14K,compared very closely with nexus5 &amp; seems competing in all aspects with half a price (though nexus 5 is the best phone available today).It stands out in all corners, say display,touch,performance,style...what not. 
Time for sam***g to produce real value phones(ofcourse they can inspire from moto as they inspired from apple earlier). 
Absolutely fantastic phone at this price bracket,even under 25K. 
moto g is rocking...moto X is in Queue with expected price 22k - 25k with more features. 
Wake up folks to compete with your old 'new' competitor. 
Welcome back Moto...u r awesome. 
Last but not the least...thanks to flipkart for everything.Beats S4 &amp; Other Crappy Overpriced Phones.Have switched to Moto G from Galaxy S4 from the past 1 week and will not go back to the stupid S4. 
Moto G feels like heaven Compared to S4 because of stock Android. 
What I like about the phone: 
1) It does not have nonsense features like eye motion sensors and motion gestures which no one ever uses because they dont work and you end up paying premium for stupid features. 
2) Size is perfect, I am a fan of the smaller phones. it is slightly on the heavier side but I have absolutely no issues with that. 
3) Battery Lasts One full day without recharge. 
4) Big thumbs up to motorola on the price and getting the consumer needs spot on. 
 
Have Never written a review before but was forced since I am so Impressed. 
 
Request all you high end Phone users to Give up crappy phones like Samsung, LG &amp; Sony and give Nexus or Motorola a try, you will not be disappointed. 
 
And I had no issues with Flipkart while placing the order or shipment. Received it very next day as promised.Awesome Delivery Awesome Product.Application speed of the phone can be bench marked against iPhone 5s 16GB priced@ 50K..Been using both.Raw Kitkat OS is impeccable, smooth as DP Champagne. If you are looking for an android phone for business &amp; basic social media (whats app, FB, skype), don't think twice. If looks &amp; the brand matter to you, then go buy the galaxy S5 or a Sony Experia Z Ultra (android)..(50 K &amp; 40K). Else no need to think twice I dare say. 
 
This is an unbelievable piece for its features and config only, price is a 2nd factor. This price is going to go down to history books. (it is heavily under priced, since Google had other ways to recover the cost). Grab it before its repriced by the new owner Lenovo, wont be this price for sure. 
 
About Flipkart : Well what can I say else (they always under commit &amp; over perform) , the delivery, packaging, handling, communication, tracking etc. all a 5 star. It can only be matched by the quad core processor within this phone.An amazing phone for the price!.I was one of the 1st day buyers and I'll give a one month (almost) analysis. 
 
1. The screen is gorgeous, to die for. Amazing sharpness, colors, detail, everything. I still get amazed when it turns on. 
2. The battery is very good. I use 24x7 3G data, as well as dual sim, and I get 22 hours of battery life before it goes to 5%. 
3. The UI is very fast. I experience hardly any delays. The Android 4.4 Kitkat update has made things so much smoother. 
4. The call quality is good, but the receiver grill is a bit harsh and not of top quality. Wish that was a bit better. 
5. The loudspeaker is excellent. Loud and punchy, great sound overall. 
6. Last, the build quality. It feels so good to hold! Solid and durable, feels like it will last a long long time. It fits perfectly in the hand too. And your finger finds a home in the Motorola logo indent in the back cover. 
 
I would recommend this phone over any other in this price range. You will not regret it. And get the 16 GB one.It does more than it costs..I must say, this phone performs far more than it costs. first of all it's 1.2 GHz. quad-core processor makes it work simply &amp; smoothly; along with it's 450 MHz GPU, it supports all the necessary features that you want to have in your phone. It's good too for budget gamers. 1GB RAM supports the hardware very good. I've played games like RF13, FIFA 14, PES etc. with the IPS LCD screen it gives you a fine experience of gaming. movie experience is good too. besides, it has dual SIM which is one of the greatest requirements of today's market. it is with Android Jelly Bean (upgradable to Kitlkat) which is one of the exciting features you all want to experience I think. but the snap quality is not so good as I expected to have with a 5 MP camera. anyways, 1.2 MP front camera is useful no doubt. &amp; the provided headset is not so good, I expected a bit better one. but overall it's one of the best choices under 20K. go &amp; grab. I do think you will like it!! ;)Excellent phone, value for money.After 2 weeks of usage, I feel definitely moto g is a very good phone for my usage. The make is excellent, it fell twice but nothing happened; the look s awesome, little less on grip but that should not be a problem. The display is very good, there is absolutely no hanging or lag, responds very quick. Battery is good, better than other brands, it will come for more than 24 hrs for average users for sure. Network catching , voice clarity are good, browsing is superb experience, very fast with 3g sim and wifi, its hotspot is the best i have used - I m planning to give away my landline connection. Camera is not that great especially at dim light or night and also it doesnt accept even a small shake but nevertheless if u take little more time in focussing and if take night photos very closer with flash falling over the objects you can be satisfied with its work. Overall its worth for money. Only doubt is whether after sales service will be good or not.. not sure..Exceptional mobile at great price by Google.I booked MotoG on 1st of Mar with In-a-day and without knowing that ekart would deliver on sun i went to ekart and got my mobile as i could'nt wait. 
 
To my suprise i got Kitkat as stock. 
 
Nearly a month of use MotoG is simple awesome great performance, I have installed Asphalt 8 and moto G can play it without a lag. 
 
I have also recommeded Moto G to my friends and two of them are about to buy it. 
 
The things i have discovered in Moto G are mentioned thought some of them might know it but this is for those who dont know. 
 
- Hold the screen when in camera mode to take multiple shots. 
- Touch which recording video to take a photo. 
- Hold volume down button + lock button to take a screenshot. 
 
The only Con is the headset which is not upto the mark but for this price one would not expect more because the handset is worth the money. 
 
With Matte Scratch Guard the mobile look outstanding. 
 
Overall the mobile is awesome i just love it and service of flipkart is great...Excellent combo of hardware n software.great build quality, good design and ergonomics though I feel could have been better... lot of wasted bezel around the screen. 
Pros- 
1. build and ergonomics 
2. good software optimization 
3. Pretty decent battery backup 
4. near stock android feel 
5. minimal bloatware unlike many highly customized sets from sony, htc, samsung.... 
 
Cons- 
1. Unimaginative use of space 
2. onscreen softkeys reduce the overall workable space of the screen 
 
I have had this phone just for 2 days. I bought this one for my wife. Since I am used to some heavy customization on my HTC One X+ ... the above cons are actually not so much of a botheration for some not so heavy users 
 
Overall, I would say, a nice (not so little, n heavy) package with some impressive specs and software optimization to deliver a good user experience. Recommended BUY 
 
Edit :- forgot to mention the great delivery service with flipkart and retailer. Since the expectations are high, one tends to take it for granted.@ to Srinivas R, please reply.Hey Srinivas, you told in your review that, you received from new batch and you found out manufactured date as 17 Feb 2014 from Phone recovery screen under barcode. 
 
can you please tell me that, are you talking about SeQ number on the box along with barcode on the BoX 
 
or you are referring some information from phone, if so please guide where to look for this information.Donot Consider any other Handset. Moto G is Lovely. Value for Money..1. I just bought 8 GB Moto G through Flipkart. It is delivered on time and flipkart did a great job in doing that. 
 
2. That performance is awesome. Though many criticise the camera for 5MP resolution, i found the pictures quality is as per the quality we get from phones of Rs 25,000 range. Donot try to compare it with Note 3 &amp; Lumia 1020. You should know their price &amp; Moto G price before even talking about it. 
 
3. OS is smooth &amp; Fluid. Signal reception is amazing. Many international reviews pointed out about poor call quality. But Dual SIM Indian model i received provides better call quality. 
 
4. I feel, unless you are looking for the camera like Lumia 1020 or note 3 and the processing power of Snapdragon 800, the only decent handset in the market now (price range of 12 k to 27k) is MOTO G. If you want a better handset than MOTO G, then go for Nexus 5. DONOT WASTE YOUR MONEY IN BUYING ANYTHING ELSE.Awesome Phone ! Thanks to Flipkart.I ordered Moto G 16GB Yesterday @ 12.30 PM , I got my Phone Today @12.41 PM. Timely Delivery . Phones comes with well packed box . 
Thanks to flipkart again .! 
 
Box Contains 
========== 
1. Phone 
2. Headset 
3. Charger Cable (No USB) 
4. Manual 
 
About Phone. 
========= 
 
1.Phone is stylish and light weight , curved edges looks smart. finished quality is good. 
2.Comfortable to hold in hand and easily it can kept inside jeans pant pockets. 
3.Display is very awesome and touch quality is good 
4.Loudspeaker Quality is good. 
5.Headsets are not upto expectation. i expected in-ear tangle-free headset . but it is very normal headset 
6.Back panel opening is little difficult should handle with care. 
7. Separate sound enhancement for wired and loudspeak 
8. Camera is nice 
9. Battery is not removable 
10. Both are micro sim , sim1 on the top right corner, sim2 on bottom left corner. atleast one sim would have been normal sim slot. 
 
Waiting for 4.4 update.... 
 
cheers.Excellent Budget Phone.The phone has almost everything one desires from a Smart phone. At this price point one cannot get a phone with all these features in Samsung, Sony, HTC in Android. I did a fair bit of research before ordering this one. One can get a Micromax, LAVA, Gionee, Xolo etc but i believe these manufacturers just assemble from Chinese Imports. So i opted for the Moto G a Motorolla phone which is owned by Google. I got the 16gb one for 12.6 K after cash back of Rs 1400. If you plan to use the phone for at least 1 year or more one can go for it although i am not sure about the resale-ability of this set as Motorolla is a new entrant to the Indian Market. 
Pros 
The clarity of the screen is awesome. The daylight pictures are good. Double SIM. 
Latest version of Android. Fast processor. 
Cons 
Gets a bit warm while playing games, RAM is a bit less at 1gb. 
For those above 40 age screen size may seem a bit small for reading text or viewing photos.(go for 5 inch or more).Excellent.Butter smooth phone. runs everything. excellent screen. dual sim. 
 
Ran Asphalt8:Airborne without any lag!!!! that's superb performance from a 14k phone. 
 
The only bad thing about this phone is the cam. takes decent pics. but pixelated and horrible on larger screens. But thats ok. m not that big on photographs. 
 
Excellent phone!!NOT SO GOOD AS PEOPLE`S SAYING ABOUT THIS...MOTO G.BAD THINGS ABOUT MOTO G..... 
Inbuilt battery- which is not accessible. I don`t know how can we replace the battery when needed. 
 
Camera - 5 MP camera with LED is not so good as I was using Nokia Lumia 520. 
Headphone/Earphone - is good in sound but looks cheap like chinese. 
No data cable comes with in the box. Purchase separately. 
Dual sim - Both sim do not work simultaneously and not on the same network. Like I am using two sim - 1-Vodafone &amp; 2-Bsnl. If I choose Vodafone on 2G then Bsnl go automatically on 3G. Simultaneously both sim cannot work on 2G they work 2G or 3G network. 
 
GPS - GPS is bad. It work`s on internet. Nkt offline. But my Nokia Lumia 520 works on offline maps also with Here Drive &amp; Here Maps 
 
Good things - The processing of the device is very very good. 1GB ram - excellent job. 
Playing all types of video by downloading MX Player. 
 
Display - Display is excellent. HD Display. 
 
Internal memory - 16 GB internal memory is sufficient.Worst with more flass.Hello, 
 
I had received my Moto G 16GB from flipkart with the Kit Kat version, I am facing these issues with my mobile, 
 
1. For 1st 2 days it was working fine then on the 3rd day Connectivity issues started 
2. SIM signals go blank 
3. Call get disconnected in between 
4. Battery gets drained very soon eventhough I dont use much and didnt install more apps too 
5.Mainly now my mob is hanged and the worst thing is I couldnt even turnoff my mob when I long press the power button it gets turned off and get turned on automaticall, but it shows only the Motorola symbol and not getting into the phone 
6. When I call the Motorola Customer care they are providing a solution and asking me to visit Service Center 
7. I had called flipkart for replacement but they told the technical team will give a call back, am waiting but still didint get a call 
 
Motorola whats happening with your mobile fed up with it and I regret for buying it.Moto G is Ok but.....Moto G is Good but....there are some &quot;BUGS &amp; ERRORS&quot; (Mentioned Below) which need to be removed from the phone... 
 
* If your Mobile internet is on, &amp; suddenly some one call you... you will have to re-connect your data connection 
* When you run any of the Apps, It will show the error &quot;Unfortunately bla... apps has been stop working&quot; 
* Top slider menu is hanged so many times, it will work after on-off twice... 
* When your music player is on, phone will be re-start automatically... 
* There are some usability problems in this phone such as 
  - When you recharge your phone, you will not be get the idea when your cellphone battery has been 100% charged...for that feature you have to download one app called &quot;Charging LED&quot; separately [Well I am impressed for colorful LED feature, which is available in Sony Xperia 3G series ] 
 
Rest of the things are ok... but I am bit disappointed due to lake of some exclusive features....There is an issue with Moto G Display along edges and with the calls..Every one knows how great Moto G is. But When it comes to functionality of the display along the edges, its numb or dead, one cant go to the very beginning or very end of a song using the slide bar in Listen now. Same apply to games, any gestures along the edges of the phone are not recognized, as if the display is dead. 
 
I cant here anything while making a call or while receiving a call. I have to restart my phone every time this happens. 
 
Data Connectivity is not consistent. I have to wait for long to get connected or restart my phone to get connected. 
 
What do i do? Awaiting a technical support!!!Moto G is just Awesome!!.I bought my moto g on the launch day at 12 am ! So you can understand how keen I was to buy moto G. Here, I want to mention few more good things that's not mentioned in other reviews. 
- The External Speaker is very Loud 
- Camera - The video in slow motion feature is so cool. I am not sure how many of you tried it already. Great thing is it doesn't reduce the frames. And you can edit it to make normal video! 
- You get 50gb of free cloud drive 
- It has Magnetometer - so you can use Compass 
- Motorola Migrate SW to migrate all your apps and contacts from your old phone. Hassle free. 
 - Play Newsstand comes pre-installed - All news at one touch. It's great actually. 
 - Comes with Translate app - You can translate from one language to any - you can translate by taking picture, by audio or by text 
- Pre-installed with SWIFT like swipe Keyboard, its so cool 
And finally it comes with or gets KITKAT OS - I got OTA Update!Awesome phone at this Budget.Im using this phone for last a month and upgraded to kitkat(4.4.2) and it's running smoothly. No lag , no sloppiness nothing. 
 
Some user pointed that after Upgraded to kitkat phone's performance degraded. But according to my experience It is as smooth as Jelly bean 4.3 . No call dropping and no weak signal. 
 
Positive factors about this phone : 
1 . Sleek design. One can easily operate this phone with a hand. 
2 . Most Upgraded Android Operating System. 
3 . HD resolution &amp; Good Build Quality. 
4 . Best hardware support among Budget Phones ( Please don't compare with Karbon , Zen or lava ....) 
5 . Support of Google (Motorola is now a Google Company) 
6 . Good battery backup. 
 
Negative factors about this phone : 
1 . Headphone is not up to the mark. 
2 . Motorola could provide a Data cable or the charger could have been a charger cum data cable 
3 . Non removable battery 
 
Still i will rate 5 out of 5. 
 
I will suggest this phone at this range.Fleeting Terrible Experience with MOTO G!.Fabulous specifications, great screen and good to handle and look. 
BUT, FUNCTIONALLY TERRIBLE - in most places it does not detect signal and hence, you can neither receive or make a call. It's like holding a dumb phone in your hand, procured at high costs. 
The handset and its software and the numerous hardware apps are still to mature and support at Motorola Service Stations are VERY poor - they are clueless. You have to directly contact MOTOROLA on their website and help yourself, if it can be! 
 
We returned our handset, as the problem was never resolved (same issues from UK to India - check reviews-problems with Moto G) and Flipkart has been most gracious to take it back at no extra cost. 
 
Recommend a Samsung or Sony or Micromax at this cost - NOT MOTO G.Nice Handy Phone.I've Purchased this phone for my wife, so the review is intended towards her usage. 
Pros:- 
-Size of the phone is very accurate, with power &amp; volume button on side giving easy access. 
-Display is clear &amp; smooth. 
-With the moderate usage of my wife, phone doesn't hang. 
-Battery seems ok only not last much longer. 
-Almost all Games runs smoothly, have not tried heavy graphic intense games. For normal games playing i.e temple run,subway surfer,Prince of persia. its perfect. 
- Price is perfectly ok for a branded Android phone. 
- Both SIM Slots support 3G 
-Camera is ok, front cam is good for video call/chat. 
 
Cons: 
-Phone doesn't support USB mass storage mode, a bit disappointing.i can't connect it with my TV/Home theater. 
-Cast Screen(Mirroring) option is there but not enabled. 
-Sometimes phone heat up without any usage even. 
 
This review is based on the normal usage of phone. Overall phone is satisfactory with a brand Name coming in this price tag.Just the best phone for the price you pay..5 stars to Flipkart and Moto G, you both rock. Coming to the product, I can say one thing is that paying 12.5 K for a phone that competes with the 30K+ models is unbelievable, have been using it since a week and there was no lag or any kind of issue even though I have tried everything possible. 
 
The screen is amazingly clear and Gorilla Glass makes it hell tough though I don't intend to bang it on the ground or scratch it with a knife to test the sturdiness. 
 
Processor and RAM are really great combination as they both compliment each other along with the GPU to play some heavy games. 
 
Near stock android is another plus point and I received the latest update immediately after connecting the phone. 
 
Dual Sim management is great, you can assign specific numbers to specific SIM so that you don't need to keep selecting the SIM every time you call. 
 
Last and not the least, Flipkart service is as amazing as always, on time delivery and with perfect packaging.Moto G Rocks! A honest review of the best phone ever.I am a general user and don't know much about the technicalities involved but i am intuitive for mobile phones. Ordered Moto G 16gb and got delivered in 4 days...hats off to flipkart :) 
 
The phone is a charm..unbelievably superb built quality and looks very rich! 
i installed facebook,messenger,whatsapp and many more apps for social media.. 
all run smoothly and multitasking is amazing... 
installed dark knight rises,iron man 3,asphalt 8 all run without any lag and look too good with high graphics. 
Overall the phone is way ahead of its price.. 
A person with a 10-25k range...go for this best in this category.. 
Do use a scratch guard and flip cover 
P.S. flipcover has some sensors too... :P 
Camera is very good...especially the front camera .. i have a note 2 even its front cam is nothing compared to moto g's 
Iv heard ppl complaining about call clarity..well it has been 12 days and till now i havent experienced any such issue 
 
Moto G rocks...best phone ever!Worth the wait!!.I had first heard about this phone in Oct '13 and immediately thought it should be a game changer(wasn't disappointed!) After waiting for 3 long months, I was finally able to get my hands on it and it was b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l :D 
The best ever budget phone that has ever come into the smartphone market, and Motorola should be given some award for giving such a phone at such a price. For all those, who think micromax is better, I'd say MediaTek sucks. MediaTek is just another chip company which is bothered only about getting sales and not quality. Qualcomm, on the other hand is better and much more reliable. 
The biggest advantage is the &quot;almost&quot; stock android that you get, without any of those useless bloatware that Samsung/Micromax/Sony/LG etc. give. 
I v tested Temple run 2/Freeze/candy crush and all of them give decent responsiveness. 
 
If you're not bothered about the camera, and are on a budget of 15k then close your eyes and get this phone.moto g.personally i am happy with product shipment from the flipkart .. this is my first purchase from flipkart iam totally satisfied in delivery.... this is an excellent phone around 14k which you have nearly everything in the other costlier flagship devices..tis device is nearly equal to nexus 4 i happy to get this phone in this price range with dual sim options.. camera is really nice, front camera also very good , no lagging in games and browse surfing which is really good . android automatically updated to kit kat 4.4.3... 
only disadvantage am facing is battery back up ..i am moderate user only i use 3g network i think so it may be the problem.. mobile gets heated quickly playing heavy games continously like subway surfers etc. .. every smart phones are having this problem so i don t worry about that ... 
my final verdict .. this the best phone for this price range. you cannot able to compare with other brands.. so blindly can buy this phone...Amazing phone!!!.This phone is superb and beats all the other phones in its class of mid range. This phone is ultimate with its mind blowing features offered. Also it is rough and tough with Gorilla glass 3 which even surpasses hammer tests and knife scratch tests. In performance with 1 gb ram and qualcomm snapdragon 400 and adrogen 300 processor it also makes gaming smooth without any lags even when playing at the game's highest configurations. The camera is extremely clear with 720p density and full hd display. 
Also its matted back gives a good grip to the mobile very efficiently. The battery is non-removable and actually eases the customer's burden, also it is very powerful with 2070mAh making it last for 2 days with minimal usage and 6 hours when gaming hardcore. 
Overall super phone if u have a higher budget than u can always opt for its big brother moto x. Anyways this moto g is the best in class and because of these ergonomics I would rate it full on full!!!!!Just Awesome!!! MUST BUY.Moto G is an awesome phone, my decision to go with it was based on comparison with Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 
 
Pros 
1. Moto G had better display and Pixel per Inch compared to Grand 2. Infact the display is comparable to higher end samsung phones 
2. Latest Android 4.4.2, the Moto G is loaded with Android KitKat, which the Grand 2 MAY NEVER have. 
3. Pure Android experience, the Moto G is not loaded with the Bloatware like those of Samsung. 
4. AWESOME PRICE... at the price segment the phone is a KILLER. 
5. 1 GB Ram... Some might say the phone has less RAM compared to Grand but with less of Bloatware and Pure Android, the phone will Never LAG 
6. Processor both Graphic and CPU are same on both the phones 
7. Gorrila Glass 3... no protection for Grand 2 
8. The phone being lighter and has more convenient size compared to bloated Grand 2 
 
In the End would just say... 
Phone is a Killer @14K price and would not regret it.Must Buy....(faadu).If you are looking for a smart phone really smart in a low budget range then you are looking at the right place... 
 
Battery backup is a boost u can work on it the entire day. 
N do whatever u like and u would still not need a charger... 
 
Performance is way better than all the smartphones available in the Market at this range(even a higher range) Its Quad core processor is just awesome. 
 
Internet runs at a very ultra high speed. Even 2G works very good. 
 
Watching Videos will give you a affect which you will never forget.....Its 4.5&quot;inch display with HD resolution is perfect. 
 
Even the Storage memory is enough if you buy a 16Gb version. 
 
Cannot say about the Dual Sim because i am only using Single Sim. 
 
I inquired every phone in the range between 10k to 20k and believe me you wont find better than this 
 
There is just one difficulty you would find is that its not so easy to customize. 
 
I had the Samsung Galaxy Note I and Moto G wins the war....Better option, if you ever wanted to buy Nexus 5.I am a &quot;Nexus 5&quot; user(Using Nexus-5 Since 1-jan-2014) and i have used Moto-G (for 1 days with full installation and full user setup).So here is my comparison of moto-g with nexus-5: 
 
1)Performance : equals nexus-5 performance(no heating even after 1hour of HD gaming), Note: Nexus-5 heats up after 30mins of same game-play. 
 
2)Build Quality : Feels great in hand, quality same as Nexus 5. 
 
3)Battery Life : better than Nexus 5. 
 
4)Screen : smaller than Nexus 5, but not bad. It is also corning gorilla glass which is same as Nexus 5. 
 
5)Camera : well camera is the only point in which Moto-g loses its edge, but camera is usable. 
 
I would personally suggest people to buy Moto-G over Nexus-5 or if you can wait then wait for Nexus 6(to be released in may-2014) 
 
Note:It is definitely way better than any other budget phone which comes under 24k range. 
My personal experience: Buy moto-g and u will not regret ;)Motorola nailed the specs and Flipkart nailed the whole shopping experience :).I ordered this phone on 6th feb,2014 at about 12:30 a.m. along with the flip cover. Flipkart was showing 10th feb,2014 as the expected delivery date which was acceptable,but to my surprise I got my phone on 7th feb in the afternoon and that too without even opting for &quot;in a day&quot; delivery.Thank you Flipkart :) 
 
Now about the phone: 
The phone's built quality is great.I ordered 8gb model out of which only 4.9 gb are available to the user.Display is stunningly beautiful.It's running android 4.3 and when I checked for updates,it's saying &quot;No updates are available for your phone&quot;.So I guess Motorola has not yet released the Kitkat in India. 
Camera is pretty decent but to be honest,my Nokia Lumia 520's camera is worthier than Moto G's primary camera. 
Touch is very responsive and the phone is fun to operate.It does not hang at all.I hope it won't become the Lagdroid soon. 
 
Best phone in this price range,Happy to be an owner of Moto G :)great stuff for this price.well i bought moto g mainly for my father. it was his b'day and i wanted to gift him a fone with all the latest features but had a budget of 20k only. i was gonna finalise on lenovo and some HTC fone but then i got to know about moto g and its features + the price tag. i admit that i had to w8 for a week for the launch but the day it ws launched i ordered it. received it in 2-3 days only. My father mainly uses his fone for calling and mails. So far the fone has been accidentally been dropped in water and out of a moving car but to my surprise its still working just fine. even the gorilla glass is impressive as thrs no scratch guard on the fone yet + no cover but still the screen is scratch free till now. easy to use and has dual sim so earlier he had to carry 2 fones but now the problem is solved. Net surfing is way faster than his previous samsung fone. i agree that most of young users may want more memory than current 16GB but for now its great.Must Buy....(faadu).If you are looking for a smart phone really smart in a low budget range then you are looking at the right place... 
 
Battery backup is a boost u can work on it the entire day. 
N do whatever u like and u would still not need a charger... 
 
Performance is way better than all the smartphones available in the Market at this range(even a higher range) Its Quad core processor is just awesome. 
 
Internet runs at a very ultra high speed. Even 2G works very good. 
 
Watching Videos will give you a affect which you will never forget.....Its 4.5&quot;inch display with HD resolution is perfect. 
 
Even the Storage memory is enough if you buy a 16Gb version. 
 
Cannot say about the Dual Sim because i am only using Single Sim. 
 
I inquired every phone in the range between 10k to 20k and believe me you wont find better than this 
 
There is just one difficulty you would find is that its not so easy to customize. 
 
I had the Samsung Galaxy Note I and Moto G wins the war....Excellent Product. Very Fast Shipping.Ordered the 16GB version in the second round of availability in stock on 6th Feb around 12:30PM IST. Chose for In a Day delivery and got it exactly 24 and 1/2 hours latter in my hand. Hats off to Flipkart and WSRetail for such a fast delivery. Was not expecting it to be dleivered so fast looking at the long queue of orders placed. 
Now for the Product. 
1) Feels very strudy and at the same time has a very classy look to it. 
2) In hand it feels a bit heavy but thats ok. 
3) Superb build quality. 
4) Very bright and VIbrant screen best i have seen in Mid-Range phones. 
5) Due to Quad Core process it works smooth with out any lags at all. Swiping across screens, opening apps etc. is very smooth. 
6) Camera Quality is also ok not excellent but good for 5MP camera. 
 
Waiting for KitKat 4.4 update to see how this phone benefits from the performance improvements made to KikKat. 
 
Over All a value for Money i will say.Hello Moto!!.I am using moto G 8 GB for 1 week now. Flipkart delivery was on time as usual. Got a handset, a charger and a headset inside the package - no USB cable. It's not worth the hype it got from most of the previous reviews, but it's a value for money mobile. I want to touch upon some of the important points in my review. 
 
Pros: 
1. Being a 4.5&quot; phone, Moto G is appropriate for single hand use. you can put in this mobile in your pant pocket along with a cigarette packet. Display quality is very good. If you adjust the brightness, you will be able to read messages under sunlight. 
 
2. Gorilla glass screen. no scratch on my mobile screen till date. 
 
4. No lag experienced while playing games or using multiple apps. Believe me, I have experienced lag or phone hang using same games on samsung Mega and Grand. At least for this phone android is no more lagroid. 
 
5. Battery backup is better than that of the samsung phones within it's range and works for 15-16 hrs on heave use. Battery backup of nokia mobiles are better. 
 
6. 5.5 GB internal memory (almost 3 GB for users) is enough if you have laptop or computer to watch movies. 
 
Cons: 
1. Camera is a big disappointment. 5 MP cameras of other mobiles are much better than it's camera. Pictures are grainy and poor quality (like a 1.3MP camera of earlier mobiles). Use of HDR mode increases the photo quality a little bit. Front camera is ok. 
 
2. Inbuilt battery. If your phone hangs, you have to wait till it discharges completely. Lets hope it doesn't hang. 
 
3. Charger and earplug are very cheap quality. 
 
4. No USB cable. Though you can use your samsung accessories (charger, earplug and data cable) with this phone. 
 
 5. You wont be able to assign a mp3 file as your ringtone or share your musics, books unless you download a file manager app into your mobile. 
 
6. Sound is loud but sound quality is not so good, it cracks on high volume. Samsung mega or grand has better sound quality. Front speaker is also loud but call clarity is very bad. Even a 5K mobile has better call clarity. 
 
Overall, it is a value for money phone. But if you are looking for a no lag samsung grand, this phone doesn't fit the bill.mixed review.the phone is as usual and expected brilliant , and i am happy with it too . And the service , i.e.- the delivery was also quite good , delivered before promised time . but , i was shocked with flipkart's costumer care . i wanted to ask them about an offer ,and though i preferred an english speaking man to speak with , i am connected with a hindi spoker . they didnt know anythng about my query and were just asking for breaks for diverting my calls , i mean lyk , it took me 30 min. to just explain them the problem . i have dialed the costumer care many times but have never expected this service from such a giant e-commerce site . 
 
Anyways , i have a doubt . there was a news that there is an offer going on with this moto g , for some 100 lucky persons for some cash back or even a 1 lakh cash back . the requirement was that , we need to answer to a question and send our order id and send them via a sms to flipkart . i was just asking that as per the news ,there was no ques asked to me and more importantly , how will i sms flipkart ? i am very angry at the costumer care but i would like it if somebody tell me about this query here .Moto G - great phone, messed up update..Flipkart service was unpleasant with this one. 
I had ordered it on the very first day of release, bu tdid not recieve my piece on time. When I called up the customer care, I was told that due to some back end problem my order has been cancelled, and that I had to book it again, losing all the offers which I would have got. 
 
Coming to the phone, 
Moto G is pretty good phone in this price bracket. 
The screen size is 4.5 inches, but you get about 4 inch usage space because of the presence of the home, back and task buttons on the touchscreen itself. 
The processor lived upto the expectations, the google drive 50 gb storage was a great perk of buying this device. 
Also, I got the 4.4.2 OTA update within 4 days of getting the phone. 
That's when the problems started. 
The camera refuses to work, displaying a 'camera error' message whenever I try to open it. Restarting the phone does the trick, but only for once. Also the boot up time for the phone has increased. 
It's a good phone, lived up to the hype. 
But, flipkart service on this product and the update spoilt it for me.One Word... AWESOMEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!.I have been using this handset for about 3 days now.. 
Pros: 
1) The screen is just awesome and smooth.. Gorilla Glass 3 is just outstanding 
2) Display is just out of the park.. Man i put the Grand 2 and Moto g to play the same video.. Grand was ashamed!!! The display is far too clear in the Moto g.. 
3) Daylight pics are just as good as a mid-range point and shoot. 
4) Handling the phone is very easy.. perfect fit for single handed use.. 
 
Cons: 
1) Battery drains pretty fast.(Max 1 day use ) Well not so much but it would have been good if Motorola had included a 3000 mah battery. 
2) Another demerit will be the selection of 3g network.. The problem is that in low 3g reception area the phone doesn't catch the network properly. 
3) The video recording is at 720p and it is not adjustable.. With the limited space, 8 minute video is sized about 600 MB. 
4) Photos in Night are not that good. 
 
I have given this phone a 4 star just for the non inclusion of external memory card. Well if you are planning to buy this phone just go for it coz the display is worth the money!!!Not great phone. But almost worth for price range of rs.12k (if any discount).I have been using this phone frm past 3 weeks and below are the observations: 
 
Cons: 
1. No memory expansion and we need to depend on cloud storage. 
2. FM radio can not be played on loud speaker. (After connecting earphone). 
3. Battery backup and 12.9GB memory is not at all good for power users. Drains 90% of battery if you play games continuously for 2 hours. 
4. Charger over heats in most of the pieces. 
5. Little image noise seen in photos taken in camera, but can be ignored. 
6. Worst service from flipkart to be considered, as this phone is still not made avaialble in shops. 
7. Poor SMS app and contact app. No 3rd party apps for these in market supporting dual sim. All contacts are gmail contacts. No option of local contacts. In this feature, LG phones are very good. 
8. Auto recovery of network signal is not seen. 
 
Pros: 
1. HD display, quadcore CPU, water resistant coating inside, superb audio play on loud speaker, no lags at all when playing highend games and any app runs without issues are the impressive points. 
2. Nice build quality resists accidental falls atleast few times. 
3. Excellent standby battery backup. 
 
Hence, deserves 3 star rating if you pay full amount 13.9k and 4 star rating if you get it for around rs.12k by discounts. 
Finally, it does not look worth if you are going to buy @13.9k. 
Instead go for LG L90, as it is also having the same hardware and with good after sales service (as per my experience).Google Moto G 16GB.I ordered this Mobile &amp; got the same in about 10days time. Good service as always from Flipkart. Now about the phone. I been using a Nokia Lumia 820 &amp; my wife uses a Lumia 720. After going through the reviews here, i ordered the phone. Phone looks good, light weight. The touch is not as crispy &amp; responsive as a Lumia phone. The camera also is not as good as Lumia 720 but front camera is good. Apps maybe high but all the important apps are available on Lumia 720. Also i found that some apps just dont work &amp; has to be restarted again which has never happened in Lumia 720. The worst irritating thing is about Wi-Fi. While Lumia 720 works well with almost any Wi-fi connection, Moto g disconnects the same connection as &quot;poor connection&quot;. I would say this phone did not make that big impact with its performance or apps. But still the hardware is amazing, phone feels sturdy. Does not heat up like Lumia 720. Also it got updated to kitkat automatically. This phone is at best for entry level smart phone.Silky Smooth like an iPhone &amp; Phenomenal Battery backup!.I'm someone who's too lazy to review products after purchase on flipkart. You would be knowing everything about the phone after all the rave reviews online and here on flipkart. But I'm just writing it to highlight two things - 
 
1. I don't know if it's because of KitKat or because of being a stock android phone, but this phone is just slick and silky smooth. I'm experiencing 0 lag. And I'm shocked! I've used all previous versions of android including the previous two ICS &amp; Jellybean and I've hated it all (Except Jelly bean on Note 3 which runs smooth), but the OS on this phone is just brilliant. I've loaded more apps than an average user would but still it isn't experiencing any lag at all which is remarkable for a budget phone. 
 
And more importantly.. 
 
2. The latest batter backup I got after a full charge ? 5Days, 15 Minutes! Holy S**T! 
I'm blown away! This is what you call a proper phone. 
Okay let me explain in details, I've not done a data recharge as I use my tab for browsing, but I did use Wifi for around 1 hour during this time, then I saw 40 minutes of video and screen on time was approx, 4 hours. I purely use this as a phone. But still I was shocked to see 5+ days of backup after a full recharge! OMG! 
In this era when smartphone can no longer be considered a phone thanks to it's ridiculously low back up, MotoG truly stands out. 
 
If you are looking to buy a phone below 20k or even 25k, look no further than this phone! 
I just don't get people complaining about camera and all. It's camera is decent but how much do you want from a 13k device? I use my pro DSLR to take pics anyway and as I stated before I was looking for solid phone with sleek looks, but Moto G truly blew me away on the above two mentioned fronts. 
 
Congrats Motorola! I know people would have brand preferences and bull but I highly recommend this phone to ANYONE! The money surely won't go a waste. 
 
Regards, 
Gautam #GValue for Money Phone.I was eagerly waiting for this phone to be launched in India since Jan'14. I was lucky enough to follow up with FlipKart on 5th Feb and place order on 6th Feb for a 16GB variant. 
 
Flipkart promised delivery on 10th Feb but received the phone today 8th Feb (2 days). Thanks a lot Flipkart !!! 
 
Why 5 star? Because Moto G is value for money at this price range. The other phones I had in mind were Galaxy Core, Galaxy Quattro, Xperia M, Canvas. 
 
Many people have already mentioned the pros of this phone. So in short 4.5&quot; display with Gorilla glass 3, 336 ppi, quad core, 1 GB RAM, vanilla android with update to Kitkat soon. 
 
People complain about no SD card - but I have another phone with 16GB RAM and till now never felt the need to put additional SD card though it can take upto 64GB through SD card. So absence of SD card was not a big point. 
 
Yes, camera quality is not very good compared to my other phone with 8mp but liveable. 
 
Overall, value for money at this price range. 
 
Thanks to FlipKart and Google/Motorola for launching this phone in India at this price range.Excellent mobile for valuable money.Hi, 
Earlier I have used Samasung Galaxy s3,Which is a very worth less phone.I have used it for 1year 1month exactly by that time phone suddenly turned off and didn't turn on.I have reached customer care which is like fish market after making me wait for 1hr they said motherboard problem they have asked me to pay Rs10,000.I would like why samsnung is asking the customer to pay the amount for the board problem for which user is noway related for the cause.Its actually samsung's manufacture defalut and they are asking user to pay so ridiculous.S3 is used to get over heat if we use it for more than half an hour where as Moto G Which I have used for more than 5hrs continuosly with 3g net I didn't even feel small heating sense.S3 performance got deterioated day by day where as by the end of 3rd month s3 became very worse to use lot of bugs and issues which irriated user like anything.But Moto G is super cool its working very fine.... Hatsoff to Google for delivering such a beautiful mobile with marvelus features at such a low cost.....Moto G &quot;A true budge with exceptional performance&quot;.It is simple logic, the more money you spend the more features you get. But smart phone like this which comes with pretty decent specs and features anything more you expect is something out of box. I never had an impression to buy Motorola phone untill I bought Motorola Defy two years ago,,and beleive me that is one heck of phone with supereb performance and never got bricked..I did research and installed several ROMS to test the consistency of the phone and it never gave up..and that is when I have decided if I am buying another phone then that will be from Motorola, I was keen in purchasing Moto X but this phone with the super spec and affordable price made me to opt this and I surely recommend this phone to everyone as you won't get any other phone with the same kind of stable performance..I am sure this wont disappoint or regret and top of it you will enjoy every minute using this phone..and guys with this price you can not compare any other phone...check in youtube for Moto G torture test...and that is not fake..you will understand why I am repeatedly saying a great phone with this price... Don't think just buy it ..Cheers 
 
RamMOTO G . Awesome pice in smartphone range of 10k - 20 k.HI I have bought this mobile recently . This is my 3 rd smart phone and I have reviewed wide range of devices physically . 
Basically this device looks like a copy to nexus series. 
Firstly I would like to mention positives 
 
1) Screen touch is superb. Its very smooth and very responsive. It feels very good. I can bet on that. 
 
2) Performance is very good even with high graphics apps. 
 
3) skin 
 
4) comes with latest version of android 
 
5) Battery backup is good and screen HD quality is good. 
 
6) camera Front and Back both are awesome. You can't expect more front camera quality than this from any mobile in its competitors. 
 
7) Flash is also good . You you be shocked with that much of flash 
 
Drawbacks 
 
1) You will not get USB cable 
 
2) headset quality is not good. 
 
3) No expandable memory . (But for 16 GB would be suffice) . Don't go for 8 Gb . As from 8 GB it would take 3.* Gb for OS. And remaining would be only 4.* GB available .Good phone. But tread cautiously.If you have made up your mind on buying the phone, or just leaning towards it; you should know the following things about it 
 
1) Screen size is 4.5 inches. However there are no physical buttons for menu and back. They are on the screen itself. This means a small portion of the screen is always occupied by the back and menu on screen buttons which reduces the effective screen size. However some games and videos are able to use the entire screen. 
 
2) No micro sd card. You are stuck with what you buy 8GB or 16 GB. I got 16 GB model, actual usable memory was around 11 GB. Not sure what 8GB one has, but I would advice to go with 16 GB. 
 
3) Non removable battery - Battery does not come off. This means we cannot do hard reset by removing battery and inserting again. Also a big ? on whether a dead battery can be replaced. If not then life of this phone is limited to the life of the battery which could be between 2 to 3 years. Long term users beware. 
 
4) Only available to flipkart -No competition for this phone in Indian market. But the price of the phone here is at par for now. 
 
5) Stock earphones suck. You would need to buy better ones. 
 
6) Uses dual micro sims in case you didnt know 
 
7) only 5 MP camera.So far the best.I have purchased it through the exchange offer ( in exchange of my 2 year old Galaxy Y). The screen and resolution is superb. The camera is also good, do not know why some people complained. I have 4Mbps wifi in my home, so the browsing speed is really superb. In the 4 cores of the CPU, only I could be able to run upto 2 cores even with the graphics intensive game like Soul Caliber. So it is also future ready. Sound is decent ( with my philips headphone). Very very fast GPS locking, very good for real time driving even with google map. Now, Kit-Kat is out of the box, so no worry about the compatibility issue faced by earlier users after up-gradation. The gorilla glass eliminates the necessity of screen guard (simply wipe with a tissue or soft cotton cloth, it is scratch proof,so do not worry). The only problem I feel is the RAM. if it has been 1.5-2.0 GB, it will be very nice ( always around 70% of RAM is occupied). However you cannot get everything in this price ( Already Samsung is fumbling in justifying the price of Galaxy Grand, against this product). Overall, a great product to go for. 
Flipkart , as usual delivered it much before the promised deadline.Branded budget smartphone with excellent specs...I have been using this for almost a week. Most of the points which Motorola has claimed during the launch seems worth for my common sense. Still I am not giving it 100% also. Let me tell you one by one. 
Performance: Very nice, full marks for it...there is hardly any lag... 
Display: Good when compared to branded sets of this price tag and almost above expectation in this range. 
Camera: Average, don't expect much, but its decent. Especially tap to click seems nice.Also is giving very nice pictures in low light and the LED flash is also good. 
UI : Not irritating...simple...n' humble..But one main fault I found in this is the caller image cannot be set properly on this as the caller details are coming above it and whenever call comes also 75% of the screen is black with a small image tile above it...Its disappointing.. 
Android : Got Kitkat update...Just today..will update.. 
Battery : Very good battery life evenif dual sim mode is active and data is also used. But display as well as much of videos is consuming battery much... 
Dual Sim : Dual active is not possible it seems..but switching during call is easy.. 
Connectivity: Soo good on 3G, and 2G as well. 
Water Resistance: Not yet tested!!! 
Flip cover: The flip cover quality is good, but as I bought yellow, its getting gloomy ver fast... 
Value for money : 100% guaranteed...no comments.. 
 
  Gaming and all I have not tested much still Subway surfer works well without lag. If you are a frequent traveller, a bit careless in handling phone, wants a dual sim branded phone in a budgetGood One.I really liked this mobile and I was eagerly waiting to get my hand on this Moto-G but I have received it from flipkart on 21st April (received it within time). I'm new to Anroid family and still figuring out how thing work with Android OS. 
 
Pro 
-------------------------------- 
1. The mobile design is good and it comes with dual sim (1 of the reasons behind buying this mobile) 
 
2. Sound quality is superb, I have not added any mp3 files yet but I steamed through online and my experience is good. 
 
3. Photo/ Video capturing is good - and decent in no lighting conditions. You'll not be diss-appointed. 
 
4. Package comes with charger and earphones, though I really did not like those earphones. 
 
5. The device is updated to Kitkat 4.4.2 and other updates are available once you turn it on. 
 
Cons 
-------------------------------- 
1. No USB cable included in the package. I though that it's a detachable with USB cable but not sure if it actually works that way or not! 
 
2. Earphone are not good like ipod ones, you can buy the ones u like :) 
 
3. Device takes up to 5gb of space for updates and for other resources. Left with 11gb out of 16gb. 
 
Today I have seen that my primary SIM was not displaying and showing a warning sign (I'm using airtel sim) I switched it off and re-installed the SIM now it works. 
 
That's all folks, I'll update more information after using some more time.Worth the Money.I bought Moto G from flipkart and got it delivered withn 24 hrs for standard delivery and with no extra charges.Thumbs up for flipkart. 
 I m using this phone from a week now and i found to be very very good.You will not get so may things in one package.There are many pros and cons with this phone which is found worth to be sharing : 
 Pros 
 
1) Display and aweesome.The best part of phone is the sensitive providing smooth transition. 
 
2) Andiod 4.4 Kit Kat. 
 
3) Looks and waterproof.Although the specifications doesnot include that the phone is waterproof.You can search on google with keyword 'Is motog waterproof' and check results. 
 
4) Apps like Moto Migrate,Moto Assist and ok quality sound. 
 
Cons. 
 
1) Weak battery life escpecialy while using Wifi.I will give 4/10 for battery.Consider not buying MOTOG if you are a game freak or talk for hours. 
 
2)Headset provided with phone is of cheap quality. 
 
3) Datacable not provided with phone 
 
4) Camera is ok but if u want high quality good picture indim light it would not be a good choice for u 
 
Overall: Nice buy for an average user Definetly you get back wht u pay to MOTO.finally moto g 16 gb.Finally its in my hand today after ordering on the launch day . like me someone would also doubt to buy it because of its company's acqusition by lenovo . who will b resopsible for service. For them its a good news that there are many company service centers for this as listed by company and on the phone bill ..my ratings for this phone is 4.5 stars but price wise its 10 on 10. The screen quality is excellent . battery time is good . camera is excellent. The voice quality , looks, price is non comparable in this range . in simple words this phone is cheap and best. Works good interface is good . front camera is good . the Indian version has charger adopter but no USB , it gives headphones too but the quality of headphones is very low if we compare it to good quality ones .. The side buttons are still wobbly. .. But these con's are avoidable if we review it overall ..guys just go for it. It is a good phone providing extremely good features at this price. The best in its class ..The shipment and delivery of this phone from flipkart is delayed and late because of its higher demand , flipkart is not to be blamed. Samsung beware.... Moto g is even comparable to moto x which may b launched in India afterwards...BEST PHONE RELEASED AT THIS RANGE OF PRICE just go for it $.I purchase d this smart phone on 27 th of feb and received it the next day .The phone i ordered was a 16 gb memory capacity smart phone. 
 
This phone has some very good features like 
1.It has an internal memory of 8 or 16 gb. 
2.The screen is 4.5 inch and has gorilla glass 3 ,that is scratch proof . 
3.This is a google company and is fast . 
4. I compared this phone to a grand it was very fast in opening of a file downloading files etc 
5.It has a 5 mega pixel camera in the back and a 1.3 mega pixel cam in the front the pictures are good if you want a good pic you can use a camera. it has a flash light at the back. 
6.it has the option of migrate which transfers your old mobile data into the the moto g. 
7.It has a battery which can work for a day and you cant take out the battery. 
8.You require a micro sim for moto g. 
9.Its run by android version 4.3 
10. It has 1 gb ram and 16 or 8gb internal memory which good for gaming 
11.moto g is the best phone in this range of mobiles 
 
   I WOULD SAY THAT ORDER IT RIGHT NOW 
     i hope you liked my rewiewNeighbors Envy Owners Pride !! Updated to Android 4.4.2 !!.This review is based on 5 days of usage, hence you can treat this as an almost-first-hand review, if you'd like... 
 
&quot;A real killer in this segment or has it just created one! ?&quot; :) 
 
+ve's: 
 - Stock Android, no nonsense stuff. 
 - Quad-Core processor - it is fast! 
 - Absolute stunning display for the price (Adreno + IPS HD) 
 - Solid built 
 - Strong battery. I am getting more than 32hrs on it on full charge with full Wi-Fi and calls, WhatsApp, YouTube, Music, Camera, etc. 
 - Motorola Migrate - absolute charm of an app which copied my existing android (Samsung Galaxy Y) stuff over to this one in like 30 mins or so. 
 - Clarity in calls 
 - The Gorilla Glass is almost smudge-free 
 - Front camera 
 - Grip, it won't slip! 
 - Water proof!! 
 
-ve's: 
 - Average headphones 
 - I expected some decent documentation about the phone, but it was like minimal. 
 
As you can see, it's definitely a steal. The 16GB has about 12GB usable out-of-box. 
The phone's Motorola Migrate helps in transferring stuff over from any android over to this one without you needing to do stuff. It cannot transfer SIM contacts, which is fine. It helped me a lot as the wireless settings got passed on which made life so easy, as if I had literally upgraded my existing phone. 
The back is really tough to open, but that shows how tough the phone is and for the water-proofing that it has to offer, I bet they had to lock it tight !! 
 
The camera functions are great, with touch anywhere to shoot, my 3 year old can take some cool pics too !! The front cam is also great. At 1.3 MP it is the same that you get in most of the laptops and hence performs beautifully in Skype video calls. 
 
Adreno GPU makes this phone a stunner when it comes to display. The colors are rich and crisp and watching movies or YouTube videos is a charm! 
 
AnTuTu benchmarking app rates it above Nexus 4, so I guess I don't have to comment on its performance :) 
 
Its an absolute worth each penny, so go for it !!!! 
 
Just got it updated to KitKat on 16-febThe best budget phone available at the present!.The Moto G is a great phone.I'll state my opinion as PROS and CONS. 
 
PROS: 
*DISPLAY: Gorgeous display, as good as claimed.The screen is really pixel rich, colors are great! Even though it's not as bright under direct sunlight as the AMOLED on Galaxy S3/S4, it's just a minor thing, and full brightness suffices to deliver good viewing. Just love the display. 
*OS: Pure Nexus like Android. No bloatware, which allows the phone to be nifty. I got my Kit Kat update on the same day of delivery! 
*BUILD QUALITY: Excellent and sturdy design. Feels even more solid than Galaxy S3. Only qualm is the lock/power button which I feel could have had returned better tactility (Feels loose) . The phone is also said to be Water Resistant. 
*SPEED: Blazing fast. Zero lag experienced. My iPhone 4 on iOS 7 feels significantly slower in comparision, thanks to the quad core proc and 1 gigs of RAM under the hood, and the pure Android. 
 
CONS: 
*Lock/Power button feels loose. 
*Bundled accessories are very poor in quality. 
*Camera is average, comparable to the 5 meg shooter on iPhone 4. Nothing to brag about. 
 
Verdict: 
If your budget is 15K, buy it. DONT BUY THE 8 GIGS, go for the 16 one. 
It's an amazing deal at a fair price, and finally makes you feel that justice has been done to this segment! 
Kudos to Flipkart for the launch day offers!Value for Money .... Welcome Moto.Well, I somehow managed to order the 16gig in the after noon as soon as i saw it available on launch day, 6th feb and it was an awesome feeling..Fools are those who are scolding Flip and rating the product 1, coz they were thinking whether to order it or not while others grabbed it in first look. 
 
Now, about the phone this phone is really superb as much as I know I researched a lot about it coz i want value for my money. I will be writing a full review after using it (delivery date is 03rd march) 
I was looking for the phone that will suit my needed specifications. for more than 2 months I was looking and wasn't satisfied with any of the phone in the market. good phones are too costly and I was unable to decide which phone to choose 
 
What i needed - 
1.A tough rugged phone. I am careless I usually carry keys in pocket with phone and scratches makes me feel that my phone is getting old 
2. good battery life. I am tired of charging my old phone 2-3 times a day 
3. fast processor I am not that much into mobile gaming coz I prefer my PC for gaming purpose still I need a good response when I order my phone to open an app it should do it in blink of eye else its dead mister. 
4.I also needed a good display and good sound quality I love music and a little show off among friends, 
5 a camera good enough for casual use mostly for instagram and facebook. 
 
What I am getting is - 
 
1. Corning gorilla 3 protection which is scratch proof even if you try to scratch it with keys 
2. water resistant (oops I accidentally put my phone with my clothes to wash good lord its alive). 
3. snapdragon 400 1.2 gh (I saw reviews on youtube and its almost as fast as nexus 4 that is 25k sometimes it was faster than samsung s4 ) 
4.display is awesome 326pixels per inch on a 4.5 inch screen and that on an apple iphone 4s its 329ppi on a 4 inch screen Impressive!!! moto g 
5.According to one of the reviews in youtube the call clarity in other phones is better but the noise cancellation in moto g is better so I guess it is for me coz i mostly work in noisy surrounding. 
6. the camera is not the best but in good light it will give you decent images with bright colors and it records 720p hd so nothing to question. 
7. customizable colored covers which will never let you feel bored the color options are really good bright and lively 
8.Dual sim - avail the best std and local offers by two service providers 
9. the phone gives 50 gb google drive space for 2 years 
10 the phone is usb otis compatible you can connect a 32 gb pendrive if extra space is needed(although i dont need it I already spent 50k on my laptop and 5k on an external drive for storage. 13 gig that is available is decent for me ) 
I think in India we are getting charger and headphones i hope so 
 
what I didn't get 
1. NFC(near field communication) only yesterday i came to know what nfc means and believe me you are not going to use it even if you get it so dont waste ur hard earned money unless ur dad is having an audi or a mercedes. 
2.expandable memory (boy that really feels but grrr why didnt they just add an expandable slot -_- 
3.A 5.5 inch screen well, I am buying a phone not a tab 
rest everything is there as far as my requirements are concerned 
As a whole I found what I was searching for 2 months and at a price less than what my budget, actually I was looking for a phone in the range 15-16k and I got this one in 14k so high cheer and Rs1000 for beer &amp; Chicken.... :) 
Although I have tried to be honest in this review but its not justified till i use it...waiting eagerlyA must-have Smartphone from Google....Booked at 00:09 hrs on 06-02-14, got it on 14:30 hrs 08-02-14. Awesome Device and Awesome Flipkart. 
 
It was a pleasant surprise to use Google Now, Voice Search, Face Unlock and a few other features at the very initial stage. I must say, Google has improved a lot, as far as Voice Commands are concerned. Display is crystal clear. 
 
Unfortunately, there was no Data Cable and the Headsets are below average. Handset is black in colour whereas the charger supplied is white. 
 
You all might have seen several pros and cons, so I am not getting into those but I would like to share the following facts in its comparison with iPhone 5S (in brackets): 
1. Screen Size: 4.5 (4) inch 
2. Dimensions: 5.11 x 2.59 x 0.46 (4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30) inches 
3. Resolution: 720x1280 (640x1136) 
4. Pixel Density: 329 (326) ppi 
5. FF Camera: 1.3 (1.2) MP 
6. Battery: 2070 (1570) mAh 
(Some readers might be thinking that I am a fool to compare a Tata Nano Car with a Bugatti Veyron Grandsport Car. But, please remember, iPhone 5S costs 4 times more than Moto G. So, if Moto G has comparatively higher specs, it certainly deserves to be observed.) 
 
I am now desperately waiting for the KitKat update. 
 
I am sure, if Google would not have sold Motorola Mobility, future Moto phones would have beaten every single record of sales in the mobile industry... Lets see, how Lenovo deals with it as many of us hardly remember that Lenovo bought IBM's PC business in 2005 and this year itself, agreed to buy IBM's Server business. 
 
As on date, it is certainly a 'must-have' smartphone that is designed and developed by Google... Happy to own one.A really good secondary and awesome reasonably priced phone.cant wait for my phone to arrive on mon from flipkart!!!! :)):):):):):) 
 
First of all anyone who either wants a secondary device or u are looking for a good budget phone well look no further. The way this phone handles apps and games is just really impressive, games like asphalt8 , modern combat, riptide gp.....these games run really smooth on this device(Note: asphalt 8 runs awesome on the med settings though its the same on my nexus 4) 
Motorola claims tht this phone can last a whole day with a single charge i still need to test tht out. 
Whats really awesome bout this phone is the nano coating on the hardware of this phone,which means this phone ..well i wouldn't say is water proof .....but it fairs really well with a water test,even survives under water for 30 mins( Do not try it though cause its really tricky to get the water out ) 
Anyway i conclude saying i was one of few ppl who managed to get this phone on the release day and i commend flipkart on the offers it had with the phone .This is one of best phones after a really long tym for the price,please do buy this phone when it comes back in stock .Good buy if you dont care about storage and low light photography..Options Evaluated. (My budget range was 15 to 20K) 
 
1) Blackberry Z10 
2) Samsung DUOS 
3) iPhone 4 
4) Moto G 
 
I evaluated the above options and finally zeroed on Moto G. 
 
Pros. 
1) Value for Money. 4 Stars 
2) Almost stock KIT KIT . 5 Stars. 
3) Decent Processor. 3 Stars. 
4) Design : Good Build quality. Has a premium feel and very neat finish. 5 Stars 
 
Cons. 
1) MEMORY 2 Stars 
2) MEMORY 
3) MEMORY 
this is a bit of a let down that it does not have a expandable memory slot. 
4) Screen. 2 Stars 
 
While lot of reviews said that the gorilla glass is scratch proof is not really true. I have been to goa where some sand accumulated in my pockets .. had my ph in the pocket and voila scratches appeared. and there was not much of a abuse or rub on the phone. 
5) Camera: 2 Stars. Picture quality is bad for low light photography. Day time its just fine. Since I click lot of pics in the evening is a bit of a let down. 
6) Navigation : 1 Star. Not that great. 
 
Final Word: At 14,000 Rs this phone is a definite value for money. Buy it if you want a good phone and dont need memory to soak up music and photographs. 
 
I would give this phone 3 Stars overall.Good but not excellent.This phone is overrated. While it is fast &amp; display is crisp, I think the previous canvas 2 &amp; other 5 inch phones was a better buy with a bigger screen. Also the phone comes with only one variant: black (only back panels are interchangeable) and the front looks like a chinese phone without any Motorola branding (The M logo comes on the back cover) It is fast while playing the games but a little more RAM wouldn't have hurt the phone. 
 
Also KitKat has some functional flaws. One is that there is only missed calls section in the phone log (one has to install a 3rd party app for viewing dialled, received calls) making it difficult to view calls. Also there is no external SD card which is silly. The battery isn't removable (is that so difficult when cheap chinese cos can do it?) Overall for this price I'd consider other phones with more RAM, bigger screen etc. Infact the onscreen soft buttons are not personally my favourite. The reason why this phone sells is that no other international branded phone has got a piece in the same price range with great build quality. But brands aside, this phone is good, but isn't fully upto my expectations. Probably because it's all hyped up in here. 
 
I'll skip to the facts fast. 
 
+ points: 
Fast processor 
Good battery 
Scratch resistant 
Great build quality 
 
- points: 
Low camera res. 
Low memory (1.5GB would be better) 
Full black is unispiring 
No external sd 
Battery not removable 
on screen soft buttons eat up screen real estateGood Phone . Could have been better...I have given it four stars because human expectations don't end.. Having said this I feel that this phone is a best buy If you are looking for Brand, Quality, Performance (in the given price range), display, and last but most importantly modern OS with latest updates by Google. 
 
I have used this phone for over a month now and this is my first review for any gadget I have bought till date. This phone fulfils all my requirements I had in a smartphone but the only thing it lacks is more ruggedness. I was a proud owner of Moto Defy Plus and was a fan of its build quality and ruggedness. I had dropped my phone accidently on concrete 4 to 5 times and it survived without a scratch. I do not use any cases or screen guards on my phones. I wish this phone was as rugged as that. I have not dropped the phone till now and do not wish to do it on purpose.. 
 
Defy Plus lacked performance as it had the Motorola skin which had slowed down the phone. This phone on the other hand is fast but not as rugged as defy plus. 
 
Also I wish Flipkart gives some offers or discounts on moto shells and accessories for people like me who have bought a phone but cannot afford its accessories. 
 
If you have a budget of 12 - 15 K go for this phone. If 10 - 12 K go for Nokia 620 if less than 10 K go for Nokia 520. If no budget then wait and go for Nexus 6 when launched. 
 
We Indians look for quality at bargain prices and hence I can ask for more than what I get. :)Wrong Choice with Moto G,but great Support From Flipkart..I have been suffering with this Poor Moto G for the last 2 weeks. I'll list 
out all the issues faced by me. 
 
1) *Issue* : Moto G Heating up automatically and battery showing ' ? ' during 
charging instead of the actual charging percentage like 85%. 
 
*Resolution* : Flipkart replaced my phone with another one [Seems a defective one]. 
 
2)* Issue* : After inserting the Micro SIM, getting a message in every 4-5 
seconds as 'SIM Card Memory Full' and asking to delete Messages and no messages to delete while choosing this option. The same notification will popup again 
even after clearing the notification. 
 
*Resolution* : Kept my friend's two Micro Sims in my Moto G's SIM slot and 
used for 30 minutes. Then kept my actual Sims back in the Slot and there 
after no such issues. 
 
3)* Issue* : Either one of the Sims getting disabled automatically (Started 
by disabling SIM1 alone first time and as there was no other option, I 
restarted the phone and it is working fine). Next time SIM2 got disabled 
automatically and no option other than restart. This is happening randomly 
now-a- days. 
 
*Resolution* : Restart the phone each time and this is not a possible 
solution always.Quick list of pros &amp; cons(buyers' guide):.Pros: 
 HD 720P 4.5 inch display with wide viewing angles. 
 Very fast Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 1.2Ghz Quadcore processor with Adreno 305 GPU for lag-free HD gaming. 
 Latest version of Android - 4.4.2 KitKat right out of the box - supports all the latest apps. 
 Loud &amp; good quality speaker. 
 Excellent call voice clarity &amp; loudness. 
 Good quality front cam (1.3 MP). 
 Manual focus mode &amp; HDR shot modes in camera. 
 Good video recording quality(720p). 
 Perfect size for single-handed use. 
 Dual-Sim. 
 Extremely smooth, lag-free experience(so far...). 
 Able to play 1080p videos smoothly. 
 Scrach-Resistant Gorilla glass 3. 
 Water-resistant back panel. 
 Able to run whatever app thrown at it without any lag (even HD games like Asphalt 8(1.78GB), Modern Combat 4(1.98GB) 
 Good WiFi speed. 
 Official Google phone so will receive all the latest software updates before others. 
 
Cons: 
-Average camera quality(5MP). 
-Average battery life(2070mh - 1 day usage) 
-Heavy compared to other phones like Nexus 5. 
-Non-removable battery. 
-Both SIMs should be micro-SIMs 
-No USB data cable included. 
-No OTG cable included. 
-Old-style normal earphones(but good audio quality). 
-Volume rocker on the right side along with power/lock button(accidental mistakes may happen). 
-Only 12.9GB non-expandable storage available(No microSD card support). 
 
Verdict: 
 
Overall, I found this phone to be the best buy south of Rs.15k in India - The pros outweigh the cons - Extremely lag-free performance and able to run any game.. Supports all apps in the play store. and on top of all, its Google's..! If you're willing to sacrifice camera quality and storage space, then buying the Motorola Moto G will be the best decision you'll make this year(no regrets..). ^_^ 
 
AdxGot it finally :).it has been a bad experience booking this phone on FK (although not as bad as booking tatkal on IRCTC!) and then waiting for it for three days (Despite of paying for in-a-day guarantee delivery), but finally got it today. 
this phone is a nice one. packs in all the necessary stuff that anybody would expect from a branded smart phone and compromises on others. the quality truely lives up to the name of Moto (or Google). 
Pros: 
1. nice HD display (dont go behind comparing it with retina and amoled, because during everyday use you may not just notice the difference in display quality. HD videos are as enjoyable as they are on iphone or galaxy. screen size is just optimum at 4.5&quot;. not big but not small either and sits comfortably in hands. single handed operation is possible even for my small hands! 
2. dual sim (made for Indian market) 
3. front camera (many smartphones in this range dont offer front camera imo) 
4. 1GB ram (enough even for playing many graphic hungry games) 
5. OTG usb drives supported 
 
Cons: 
1. no expandable storage option 
2. no user replacable battery (good or bad!?) 
3. back cover is bit smudgyHonest review.Flipkart sevice : amazing service. Booked the 16 gb version on 7th feb , received the phone on 14th feb. 
Nice packaging as usual. Flipkart rocks. 
Coming to the phone itself 
Price of this phone many believe is less but we must remember this is a google product, unlike Apple they make their money through software. So the specs of this phone are at par with products of 20k . 
Display is just awesome. Cannot compare with superamoled , but put it aside any phone by samsung , sony, htc below 20k and see the difference. 
Very good quality speakers, however same cannot be said about ear phones which are just about average 
Battery is extremly good for medium duty usage like browsing, multimedia, does not last whole day if u play heavy duty games 
The most important reason for buying this phone is near pure android experience and it does thejob quite nicely. Can u imagine the feeling , you start the phone ,connect it to wifi there it is , the latest android 4.4.2 awaiting for download. Its almost like out of the box. 
User interface is really smooth, no lags 
Camera does a great job for what a phone cam is supposed to be , to share pictures over net and u if want to print photos there are plenty of other devices which does this job. 
Storage space is more than sufficient , think about it, android doesnt support app storage in ext sd card, the galaxy grand 2 has got just 8 gigs of internal memory , it costs 23500. Yes u may not carry hundreds of videos , photos , songs with u and there are connectivity issues for using cloud storage but that&rsquo;s about it. 
 Overall a very decent phone , with huge plusses and as in life a few minusesComing from a perfectionist(hardcore money saver).Never written a review before, simply cz I don't care. But man did this phone compel me to write my first !! So here it goes, 
my bro has Nexus 5 and I feel very happy having bought Moto G half the price of Nexus 5. I won't talk about its pros cz every one knows it and it needs no certificate from my side. Let me quickly talk about its so called cons ; 
1.) Camera : They say its camera is average, I say in daylight or enough white light the camera takes photos compared to many high end device cameras (experienced it first hand). In low light this does add some noise but hey !! u ain't going clicking photos every night.. 
2.) No extra storage : Guys you are buying a phone not a music/movie player. 16 GB(I repeat 16, don't go for 8GB) is more than enough for an average daily user. Besides you have the USB OTG on the go feature to add to the extra storage (some say it won't work after KitKat update, I've researched a lot about it(and guess what !!! it ain't working on Nexus 5 either :D), there is a workaround to this check this out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rj0htHOLfYQ 
this app 'Nexus media importer' comes with a price (around 250 INR), choice is urs, for me 16 GB for few movies and my collection of songs is toooooooooooooooooooooooo good 
 
no other proven cons 
 
In the end I would use an old and tested Indian phrase for this phone &quot; Sasta aur tikaau&quot; 
 
p.S : #flipkart.com amzing service guys, good job. Now plz get some moto G grip shells, waiting :(Bang for the buck...!!.Moto G(G for Google) designed by google exclusively sold by Flipkart a sub 200$ phone for emerging markets like Brazil and India with very good battery backup and Android Kikat should define everything about this mobile...This will create a strong impact in developing countries like india, brazil etc... In india the demand for a smartphone in this price segment is very high but all the smartphones in this price segment are simply crap(specially Samsung and htc) .. The build quality and the battery back up are very poor. I think moto G will turn the fortunes of Motorola as lumia 520 did it for Nokia. Many of my friends dint go for 520 as they dint like Windows 8. So moto G might come as a surprise winner in this category with its big screen and better battery backup. This phone might turn out to be the go to choice for all those people waiting for a latest android phone with a big screen at a reasonable price. Waiting for the product to be delivered in 3 days, but you know flipkart they always deliver 1 or 2 days before the actual delivery date... :)Excellent phone beyond the class, superb display.Really the hardware of this mobile is incomparable considering the price. You will fall in love with the display the first sight. Pixels are indistinguishable from the nearest possible viewing distance. You may receive the upgraded phone. This phone has many reasons to get picked and very little or minor not to. Let's see pros and cons 
pros: 
1. Good build, design, scratch resistant and anti-finger print screen. 
2. Display is best, really human eye cannot see clearer images than this. I think display deserves the no. 3 also 
4. Processor capacity is enough to play heavy games on medium settings. I've played asphalt 8: Airborne and observed no lag. 
5. RAM is OK, you cannot get more than this upto the range of 20k. 
6. No SD card is not the big issue. due to only internal memory, data transfer and booting work fast, and OTG functionality overcomes this con. Also nowadays apps are not movable to SD card. 
7. Battery backup is good in point of view of display clearity. Battery lasts for single full day of more than average use. 
8. Design of phone is awesome, one can't feel it that it is there in his pocket, though the weight is little more but it adds to the sturdiness 
9. Call-voice is good, not an issue. 
10. Benchmarking scores are even more than Grand 2 and far more than Grand duos. 
11. Supports MKV format 
12. Front facing camera quality is good. 
13. Pure android (don't know where to put this) 
 
cons 
1. Camera quality is bad in artificial light. but good in sunlight. But camera quality is not that bad. It serves purpose. Flash works fine for close-ups even in the dark. 
2. Sound is good but bass is missing. 
3. Stock head phones are out-of-date, no data cable and otg cable in package (minor, you can buy them). why don't they provide the flap or any kind of cover (may be to keep price low) 
4. The biggest con: non-removable battery. But many say that that life of battery exceeds that of phone (don't know) 
5. And the second biggest (but as I've said not big) : no SD card 
6. User interface is not as good as Xperia due to pure Android but not as bad as Samsung. Look wise, it is average.Pure awesome!.My first Android experience, and what a way to start off with! 
Every time I look onto the screen, I am mind blown by the exquisite display clarity (the 326 ppi density which is the same as that of iphone 5s, says it all). 
The 1.2 GHz Snapdragon may be a bit outdated, but up until now, it has provided me with pure smooth experience after having used intensive apps, including graphics-rich games. 
The camera is decent, though not good enough under low light. 
The battery is also pretty decent (24 hours in moderate usage). 
 
But few bugs in software started to appear after the upgrade to KitKat. I am hearing that many users are experiencing the same. Still I'm happy to know that Motorola has acknowledged those issues, and they''' be releasing a fix in the coming days. 
 
Overall, brilliant work done by Motorola. Though having cons like no expandable storage, lack of 4G, etc, this one simply outclasses all the rest in this budget price range. Go for it !The One that got into 'Pure motorola'......Hey guys... i have been using this mobile from quite few days(2 weeks)... and gotta say.. &quot;you cant get anything more than what you pay at 14k or 12.5 k for 16gb and 8gb&quot; 
    First of all.... 
(1) pros- 
a.its about gud size... 4.7 inch 
b.it has a ram of 1 gb and gud 1.2 ghz procsr ... (keeping in mind the budget,its great with upgradable kitkat feature) 
c.highly dependable brand... (i know,its quite difficult to find motorola's serv centre's,but still though its a great brand) 
d.most imp. -&quot;CORNING GORILLA GLASS 3&quot;... thats a huge bliss of this blissful phone!! 
 
(2) cons- 
a.There should have been an expandable memory slot.... i know that would have made this device expendable!! 
b. and else everythings great... except i personally think there should have been enough configuration for connection regarding 4G... 
 
VERDICT- 
For the money u pay.... for 14k n 12.5k ... you cant go any further thinking for other options.One Word.....&quot;Fantabulous&quot;!!.Booked This on 7th February 2014 , and was been stated that The Product will be shipped once in order.. The Stocks had come on 11th and I was told that They would deliver on 14th.. But They shipped on 13th itself.. Overall It was a gud experience with flipkart for the first time.. 
         ABOUT THE PRODUCT- 
1 . Amazing Display.. It is a 720p HD screen and the viewing angles are just amazing.. 
2 . Qualcomm Snapdron 400.. smooth performence.. rare lags when switching btwn apps.. 
3 . Aderno 305 GPU.. asphalt 8 , dead trigger 2 , real racing 3 , Fifa 14. all worked great .. I was shocked to see that all the graphics were rendered perfectly.. 
4 . Camera .. Not that great. in low lightings without flash u wont like it. 
5 . Battery.. Lasted for 3 days and still 20% left with average usage and around 1.5 days with heavy usage . 
  
Overall a gud phone in the price range and the 16Gb varient is suggested as it is not highly priced.. Only 1500 more than 8Gb's..Simply Incredible! Great comeback by Motorola!.Thanks FK for your impeccable delivery. I just received today in mint condition. Very much satisfied with the product. Specifications are already available. First hand information is 
1. Picture quality is very decent. 
2. Touch response is fluid sensitive. 
3. Loved playing some speed test games, all were impressive. 
4. The headset is very very cheap. - Typical Moto. 
5. I wish they updated the software with 'Hello Moto' - their signature! 
6. The apps inside too aren't so innovative, (12 GB of usable space so, 4 GB of garbage) 
7. Battery life on my WiFi is doing great (Its new hence you can assume that overall it plays good - compared to my HTC mobile earlier) 
8. Display is crispy, good screen size, light weight - all these are my requirements though. Very satisfied. 
Its a great buy and will definitely recommend this product! I thought of purchasing some high end phone but thanks Moto for saving my money! You bet, the best phone in the range!Good product at excellent price point.My 1st Android phone &amp; I'm loving it (though I also own an Nokia Lumia 720 - an different review altogether ;). 
 
Pros: 
Wonderfully designed &amp; executed phone. 
Upgradable to KK (though I'm yet to move away from JB). 
Screen is crisp, clear &amp; fantastic. 
Response time is awesome. 
Memory 1GB RAM keeps the phone peppy enough. 
Storage 16GB phone, more than enough if used along with cloud options. 
Battery lasts almost 1.5 days of decent usage. 
Aggressive price point being the most desirable part of the deal ;) 
 
Cons: 
Packaged earphones are a BIG disappointment, lousy comparable only to local Chinese offerings. Can't believe Motorola committing such a blunder(which means a star off my ratings)! 
Charger is a bit loose (don't know if others have similar problem). 
 
Bottom-line: You got yourself great performing phone for a decent price. Njoi :) 
 
FK - wonderful job delivering this in less than a day! Excellent work, you exceeded my expectation.The best mobile ever especially at this price point!.I've been using Moto G 16GB for a while now. I bought it from FlipKart for Rs.13,999/- to be precise. It's quite simply an amazing mobile. I have updated the OS to kit kat 4.4.2 and the interface glides flawlessly, no issues whatsoever. The best thing about this mobile is the Gorilla Glass 3, One Glass Solution &quot;OGS&quot; display. The colours just pop. The whole screen is alive! The sound is free from distortion and extremely LOUD! Call quality is loud and clear. This mobile is very tightly integrated with Google for very obvious reasons since Motorola has been taken over by Google. Now Google is selling this excellent mobile cost to cost and will eventually profit from promoting it's software and more important it's google play store in the long run. BTW who needs an expandable memory when you can save everything in the 50GB Google cloud free of charge. This mobile is a real keeper! Thank you FlipKart for the best shopping experience!Hello Moto.. Back with a bang!!!.First of all i would like to thank flipkart for its quick delivery.. Thanks!! I ordered this phone on Monday 3rd March and trust me i got the phone on Wednesday afternoon.pretty quick!!. 
Secondly about the phone.. 
I have been using this phone from last 2 days and based on my experience so far I believe it is one of the best devices under 15k range compared to other competitors like micromax,lava,xolo etc. 
what i liked: 
1.a 4.5`` touch screen with bright display(326 ppi) 
2.nice built quality 
3.corning gorilla glass 3 
4.latest Android version 4.4.2 ( Kitkat ) 
5.pure android experience 
6.Camera is decent (primary 5mp+flash,secondary 1.9mp) 
7.Snapdragon 400 quadcore processor 
 
what i did not like 
1.battery (2070 mah) should have been atleast 2500 mah 
2.headphones are on ear type where as in ear is more comfortable 
3.no memory slot 
final verdict 
a good phone with latest features and a brand like motorola under 15k is surely a great dealJust Awesome.I managed to grab this phone the very first day of launch. Wanted to use the phone for some time before I post my review 
 
About the booking experience &amp; delivery: I know too many people had bad experiences, but mine was as pleasant as it has always been with Flipkart. I did not face any slowness or time out during the process of purchasing the phone. Delivery was smooth - though I missed selected one day delivery and though the estimated delivery date was 4 days away (sunday in between), I got the phone two days after booking, which was very satisfying. 
 
As for the phone, I have absolutely no regrets on the money spent. In fact, I would say that its money worth spent. The phone looks gorgeos - display, design everything. The performance is very good too - I will call this phone is the definition of the term 'bang for the buck'. 
 
All in all, I am very satisfied and would give a full 5 stars for the product and overall purchase experience.Moto G.I bought the Moto G from Flipkart 5 days ago. When I placed the order I was informed I would get the phone by the 11th or so, but to my surprise I got set on the 8th!! In perfect condition, thanks to their fantastic packing! 
The Moto G is a beautiful Phone. I have always been a Nokia user ( Think their old Symbian OS was the most user friendly system) and I'm still using one (Nokia Lumia 720) Which incidentally I think is a very good phone. 
I have also been using Android Smartphones for some time now (Micromax, HTS &amp; Samsung), but I think that the Moto G is better than them. It looks great, Display is so sharp, &amp; operating it is a joy! So smooth &amp; silky. 
The 8Gb memory is enough for me as I don't play heavy games &amp; I have an Ipod for my music. 
The Camera is OK, not very good, but being a Photographer I prefer using my SLR for photography. 
All in all, I would recommend to it anyone wanting a sub 20K Android Smartphone!!A Lottery for this price......A lot has already been said about this phone, but I felt obligatory to write my own review for this piece of engineering. 
I ordered this phone, rather reserved it on the 15th, the phone was delivered on the 21st, way ahead of when I expected. Kudos to flipkart and fedex. The box itself shows the amount of cost cutting they've done. Just the phone, charger, earphones, small box. 
 
The device handles like a dream, great touch, good sensitivity, good display, decent camera, not too bad, and lag-less for the most part (even heavy games run smoothly). 
 
The only downside I can think off are that the device has no sd card slot, and that the battery is non removable. You get 5.5 gb of usable space in the 8 gb version, and almost 13 gb of usable space in the 16 gb version 
 
This is definitely a must buy for android newbies, as it is also one of the few devices in the market offering a Kitkat update... 
 
My review...totally worth it...go fot it.:)Moto g honest review after 1 month of review.First of all the delivery was done on the 5 th day and the tracking on their website was not efficient. This is the first time i experienced it with flipkart. 
 
1. It is a good value for money phone 
2. Performance is good. I tried games and heavy apps and did not find any lag. 
3. Looks are too good. Plastic quality is nice, infact lot better than samsung high end phones. 
4. Battery life is average like other touch screen phones. 
5. Android kitkat version works perfect on this device. 
 
After some positive points there are some negatives too. 
1. Earphones are too poor (they feel like 30 rupee cheap earphones). 
2. They do not provide USB cable in the pack. 
3. Screen resolution is also not too good. I would say it is average. 
4. No external memory option. I like it this way and there is a purpose for not providing the same as external memory cards make your phone slow, however it may be a minus for some of you so i am highlighting it here.Awesome Product.Moto G is a good phone indeed that comes under 13000 price mark...within this price range , definitely Motorola (Google) has offered good quality hardware with 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor with Adreno 305 graphics and 1GB of RAM onboard.. 
 
Though this phone has some shortcomings and they are: 
 
1. Battery not removable. 
2. Ram though Motorola is giving 1 gb but after installing some essential apks like gmail,whatsapp and 2-3 other applications, around 300 mb of ram is usable, that's not bad. 
3. Call Recording Facility, after kitkat update, this phone don't support 2way call recording facility, to get it you have to root the phone. 
4. Sometimes, the Google launcher freezes ( icon text gets blurred)..after sometime it gets back to normal..i think its due to processor load..but its a lag..Motorola should look at this. 
 
Apart from this, Seriously Moto G is awsome...according to my rating , its ( 8.5 out of 10).. 
 
(y)Cheated by Motorola no help from flipkart.Beware fellow customers before buying this product. Product has great reviews but no one have give rewiews about after sale service problems. And on rectifying this with flipkart even they r not in mood of help customers in genuin problems. Here Is the incident and reply from flipkart. 
 
My phone announce Completely dead by customer care center and on thier verbal assurance that i get complete new replaced piece by company i have submited it with them. 
 
But after 5 days with shock what i have got is a so called Service piece(used one) with scratch on back and with 0% batetry. on arguing with then they rudely just said what it is we have got from company against ur replacement. To take it or not ur wish. and in this way forcing me to take used phone which they have with them.Best Value for Money !!.Very Nice Phone. Here are my two cents. 
 
Pros: 
- Fantastic Screen Resolution (compares to a segment-above) 
- Perfect form factor (Fits your hand well) 
- Good build quality 
- Credible performance 
- The biggest +ve is the environment that it creates with its Google Now &amp; Moto Assist apps. 
- Latest OS and promise of fastest updates 
- Good Battery Life (with my low usage, it sometimes lasts 2 days or even more. With high usage also, I would think that it should last a day easily) 
 
Cons: 
There aren't many really, but here we go nonetheless 
- Camera is 5 MP, may be it could have been slightly better. 
- No micro-SD card slot. But I don't miss it as even if there was one available I wouldn't have put a card of more than 16 GB. 
- Battery is not removable (like iPhone) 
- Accessories are crazily priced (1500 for flip cover sounds like a rip-off !!) 
 
I think it would be the first choice for anyone in this budget range. A well-deserved 5-star.Good buy, little to learn..Looks are good. Slim and comfortable. Card slots and battery arrangement is also good. 
It needs MicroSim is a small issue in case of sim card flexibility required. 
Data cable should have been provided. Ear phones are not as standard as expected. Plastic white look and noise control could be better. White accessories with black accessories is no match. 
Performance is best in all touch screen androids till now. It doesn't restart abnormally, it opens MS-Office documents smoother than other android phones. 
A little minus point is it is difficult to operate. motorola has built the apps and functions little different, so you need to give efforts to be well known with the phone. 
Delivery was one day before the given date, so even better in that way. 
Overall, good buy worth the cost.Moto G - Read this for the little extra goodie !.I have used this product for 2 days and I must say it is one of my best buys till date! 
I was lucky to be one of those few lucky guys to get it on Flipkart on the release day's 1st afternoon shopping window. 
I hope I qualify for the 100% cash-back lottery:) 
 
As for the phone, let me start off with the surprise that you don't find listed on any of the support site. 
 
It is cross divert active which means it is sort of &quot;Smart Dual Active&quot; wherein if you are on SIM1 and someone calls on SIM2, the call gets &quot;cross diverted&quot; to SIM 1. 
 
Here is what my quick summary of the phone experience 
 
a) Battery : A little less than 1 day on full charge with 85% 3G mobile usage 
b) Touch / Feel: Brilliant. Phone feels sturdy and not plasticky. 
c) Call quality: Very good and crisp 
d) Headphones: Not that great. 
e) Camera: Decent &amp; comparable to Micromax's or Lava's 8 Mp 
 
I am lovin it !!Really Exceptional phone at exceptional price!!!.I was the one of the luckiest persons who managed to buy Moto G 16 GB version before it became out of stock around 12:30 AM IST on 6th Feb. 
Now I feel its worth every second I remained awake and kept on refreshing flipkart's page. 
10 reasons for me to buy Moto G: 
1. Exceptional price 
2.Guaranteed upgrade to Kitkat 
3. Corning gorilla glass 3 
4. snapdragon 400 clocked at 1.2 GHz with 1 GB RAM 
5. Curved design to make it comfortable in hand 
6. 326 PPI on 4.5 inch screen 
7.Pure Android experience (just 2 apps added to be precise) 
8. Storage options, 12.92 on device, 15 gb on drive by motorola, 50 gb on google drive for 2 years 
9.Decent camera with HDR, though i dont use mobile as camera. 
10. Ease of migration of old phone data and customization of covers, flips etc. Chargers and headset which was not part of US deliveris. 
Thanks to flipkart for making all the moto G deliveries priority.To each and everyone who had ordered long time ago and feeling low since the after bookers have recieved.I had placed my ordered my moto g16 gb version on. 9th feb 2014 and was very crurious to kno whn will i gt it . Seeing the availability date on the site i was quite low . 10 days passed and i was pissed off by the morning but today in the morning i called the guys and asked them to tell me about the phone i told them people who had ordered after me have recievedc to which they were still saying ul get the order before march i argued just for a min with that guy and asked him to connect to a senior representative so he finnaly connected me i ate the brain out of that guys head and so my order was confirmed in a matter of seconds and is yet tobe shipped expected date is 21 st so to all of you call them and ask them to connect toa senior rep then only ul be heared cheers 
KashishNext to best.I just used for 12 hours Its next to best. For 13k u dont get anything like this 
1)Corning gorilla glass scratch resistant and Can survive in water for an hour 9/10 
2)Call quality crispy with head phone also gud but not the best 8/10 
3)Game:I played quite a heavy game like temple run and moto racer No lag was observed 9/10 
4) Lauch of apps/message/whats app is faster due to 1 gb ram 10/10 
5))Video watching is very nice 720 p 9/10 
6)Build :Its sturdy and portable not a plastic body. 
7)Dual Sim is an extra addon 
8)You get 50 gb free google drive space and u can sync online if u r using 8 gb 
9)Audio quality is good speakers are good and headphone given is also gud 
10)Camera and video is just ok not at best but 7/10 
11)You can plugin your pendrive using a small cable which u can get for 100 rs 
12)Free android update ie stock android 
Price to performance not any phone in world can match this...Magnificent Device!!!.Moto is absolutely a magnificent device that you can buy under 20k price bracket ..I got the moto g 16gb from flipkart.com (flipkart always does greate job in terms of eerything including delivery and is the best reliable online megastore) yesterday and i am absolutely delighted and highly impressed with the quality and performance and the intellegence of the device!!! Simply awesome experience! 
Here's what makes this device so special: 
A. Comes with android kitkat update (4.2.2) 
B. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 
C. LED notification light 
D. Noise cancellation mic 
E. Nano coating Water resistance (Can survive at least half an hour under water) 
F. OTG support (pendrives, usb mouse and keyboards usable) 
G. More internal storage for gaming exp [16 gb] 
H. 720p HD display 
I. 1080p HD video playback with mxplayer and 720p with any player 
J. 720 HD video recording with slow motion capturing capabilityGives you maximum satisfaction of your money.First of all to experience this phone I had wait almost 15 days after order. But the product was perfectly intact, packaging is good. The biggest disappointment was there were no data cable. Headphone is crappy. But the device supersedes everything. So we'll built. You can definitely use it with one hand. Feel solid, premium. Screen is crisp. Sound both in headphone jack and speaker is great. Rear camera can shoot fast but quality is not up to the mark though front facing shooter is better than expected. 
One of the best part of this phone is its software. There is literally no lag. Super smooth performance also in gaming. It's feels like using a nexus device which you can afford. 
One worth noticing problem I've found out till now is there is no way you can sync your Facebook , twitter contacts into people app. It's frustrating. 
All in all wonderful device. It's a phone which you can proudly say you own even after 2 years from now.The Best Value for Money You can Get.Well, to buy or not to buy is up to you but here are some points to consider:- 
 
1) Google benefits from the number of Android users they getand not from the number of phones sold. So they'll typically sell phones at a relatively low profit margin. Remember that although Lenovo is in charge now, Moto X and Moto G are Google's brainchild - they decided the pricing too. 
 
2) 4.5&quot; is the optimum screen size for a phone. Fits in your pocket and screen is big enough for games, videos etc. 
 
3) At this price point you won't get Gorilla Glass 3 anywhere else. 
 
4) Internal memory is the best performing memory of a phone. Even class 10 SD cards are not as fast. 
 
5) Pure Android and no bloatware. 
 
I think the only downside is the camera. The pictures are not very good in the night.Amazing Phone, Amazing Price..This is definitely the best phone in this range +/- 5 K. Like simply blows you mind. 
 
I won't make this review too big. 
 
Build Quality - Good. The rubber finished back prevents the phone from slipping off of surfaces. Quite good to hold. Although one hand operation is quite difficult. 
 
Display - Good. Not the best. but the colours and neither over saturated not dull. Does not hurt the eye. 
 
Speaker - Loud. You won't miss a single call. 
 
Camera. Below Avg. But you can use it for random snaps. 
 
Bloatware - None. The apps provided by motorola can be disabled .Plus they are useful. 
 
Build Quality. Superb. At least not cheap like samsung. 
 
Al in all, an amazing phone. If you have a budget below 25K , this is the one you should go for. The GPS is amazing. Signal reception amazing. WiFi is okay. 
 
I got the 8 GB one cause I couldn't wait for the 16 GB to be back in stock. And you also get free 50 GB of Google Drive Storage for two years.&quot;A stunning phone for very little money,won't get a better budget blower than the Moto G.&quot;.Motorola's back, and it's kicking off its global smartphone revival with the keenly priced Moto G handset. A mid-range handset with a low-end price tag and Android KitKat - okay Moto, I'm listening.Forgiving the absence of a microSD slot and,I commend the Moto G for its bright display, superb all-around performance and versatile camera despite a low megapixel count.The Moto G is remarkable device. It's arguably the less talented sibling of the flash-bang Moto X released by the Google-owned smartphone maker earlier this year, but it's more noteworthy because it offers so much at such a stunning price point.The Moto G is the bargain of the year. It refuses to look, act or feel like a cheap phone, and out-performs more expensive phones. At this price, it's a complete bargain.Go for this mobile even if your budget is 20k.Ordered this mobile on 24th Feb and got i hand on 26th Feb. Flipkart shipped mobile before the expected time. 
Pros 
-Upon startup, phone got updated to KitKat, Which is really great UI. 
-Phone fits in hands exactly as it is said 
-Phone look is awesome and display is too good 
-Processing is too fast. Chrome works smoothly without any lags 
-Camera quality is also good 
-Battery is also appreciable 
 
Cons 
-Headphones are not good. need to purchase a good one like skullcancdy 
-Okay Google is present in Moto G, its there in Moto X. Need to install open mic+ or any third part app for this. 
-only 5gb is available for user in 8gb Moto G. Too low for me. So please buy 16gb One 
-Motorola Assist App instead of Sound profiles. The App is good but i can put the mobile in vibrate mobile manually 
 
So finally i can say buy this mobile if your phone is upto 20k. 4 stars for motorola and 5 stars for flipkartMoto G.Never Ever Ever dare to advertise that the Moto G screen is &quot;scratch-resistant&quot; 
 
The touch screen of this phone has left permanent scratches on the screen surface.It gives the first impression of a smudgy fingerprint. To my greatest dismay, upon closer observation was found to be an elliptical permanent patch developed out of regular touch screen touch interactions. 
 
I am completely discouraged that the capacitive touch screen advertised as &quot;Gorilla Screen&quot; developed scratches from a casual usage pattern. Remember it was only casual finger interactions that caused this and NOT negligent usage or grinding the phone on a brick wall !!! 
 
I would therefore NOT recommend this product to anyone. The touch surface is definitely cheap and extremely vulnerable to scratches just by touch interactions. 
 
I am ashamed to switch to Moto G from Motorola Defy Plus. 
 
Good Bye Moto,..G for Genius!.My phone came in with latest android upgraded Kitkat 4.4 version. Best budget handset/ smart phone in this price range - battery back up is pretty impressive lasts for more than a day even with my wifi/ mobile data activated. HD display is fantastic - I enjoy watching videos and movies in my handset. Sound quality is satisfactory too. Only the 5 MP camera is disappointing cause there's no detailing/sharpness in the image. Photo editing tool is very helpful. Supports all the apps from google play so I enjoyed playing few high end free games with ease. Meets almost all the features which any high end phone such as Google Nexus has. 1 GB RAM enables multitasking. Sometimes in-built apps like chrome crashes while browsing. They should have provided option to sync contacts with my Facebook account, instead of google/gmail. They have provided only few built-in apps which is a good thing for the memory as a user may not need them all.AweF**kingSome m/.I had waited for this phone for a long time. Ordered it on saturday morning and got the delivery on sunday morning ie. less than 24hrs. Thanks to flipkart's in a day delivery. The packaging and all was decent. So a 5/5 for flipkart for that. 
Now ive been using this one for more than a week now and the performance is flawless. No lag what so ever. Buttery smooth interface and all the apps work like a charm. Battery has been fantastic. Lasted more than a day for me with average usage(facebook, whatsapp, browsing, youtube, calls etc ). ps- i do not play graphic intensive games. And the camera is just fine. More than worth it for a 14k phone with such specs. 
The only minor drawback is the 1gb ram. After installing a few apps you are harldy left with around 150mb. Apart from that haven't come across any negatives yet. And hope i dont. Haven't tested the gorilla glass and water coating yet. 
Cheers to moto and welcome back in india.One. Awesome. Phone.(For its price range, ofcourse).First of all, let me tell you that I am an iOS user who is switching over to android for the time being. I am not a fanboy, but a loyal fan. I have to admit that android feels very different to me. Now lets talk about the phone. 
 
Pros: 
1. The Display is phenomenal. 
2. The phone is pretty smooth. The touch is responsive enough to rival a Rs.30,000+ phone. 
3. The phone comes with 4.4.2 Kitkat. No need to explain about that, as you know that its very stable and very efficient. 
4. The phone looks very very classy. I intend to use it without a protective case. 
5. The pricing is unbeatable. Take a bow, motorola. 
 
Cons: 
1. The Cameras are sub par. 
2. No LTE. I know that LTE hasnt been launched yet in India(atleast in chennai), but its a feature which will go mainstream in a year or so. 
3. No expansion of storage. although this can be easily negated with an on-the-go drive, I feel this is something I missed sorely on the iPhone too.MotoG ... G for Genius.Were should i begin.. this is my second MotoG. First i bought an 8Gb version back in February. I am super happy using this device as my daily driver. This device has an explicit battery life. KitKat is super smooth and fast. Snapdragon 400 is capable to do most of the things which its elder siblings can (600,800). But what drives a user crazy is the Display. It is the USP of this device, at this price point no display has capability to match display of this device. It is splash proof as the company claims and this won my confidence on Motorola. Camera is a bit of a disappointment for one who used (Galaxy S3) like me. but hey its a phone after all that too at such low price point. it is a minor glitch which doesn't bothers me now. I would recommend this phone to all those who want an explicit device below 15000/- or even below 20000/- because after this device only xperia ZL at 25000/- is a price worthy android device in market.Totally worth it !!.Amazing Phone !! 
Guys I am gonna review only those features which might not be covered yet by other MOTO G owners, but firstly I want to appreciate WS Retail for In-a-day Delivery, 26 hrs to be precise ! and Flipkart for quality service !! 
 
User Memory : 12.92 GB after OS memory consumption. 
Touch/Speed : Great. 
Rear Camera : OK. (No self-timer) 
Front Cam : Clear &amp; good. 
Sound : Clear and Audible. 
WiFi Hot spot : Not yet available, except for users in UK but Hot-Spot feature is there in phone !! As we know Motorola was owned by Google...and in US users have to buy tethering and hot-spot services. Now Motorola has been sold by Google too. So, for now we can say its still on a roadmap. 
Messaging : Yellow smiley are missing in default version...Try updating it to KitKat and you will get them back. 
 
Overall.. All the daily-use features are available,, and one cannot expect more at this price.. Complete value for money.Bang for the buck..I loved the device so much, I feel like buying more and gifting it to my family. 
 
I love the round soft touch matte finish back cover, and also that it can be easily changed to different colourful variants. The device feels snappy in everyday use, and is consistently giving excellent battery life. 
 
The device seems to be a little weighty, but that adds to it's surprising premium feel at it's price range. It has (nearly) stock Android 4.4.2 pre installed, and hence has a clean and intuitive interface. However, I was disappointed to find that Google now launcher is not compatible with the device. 
 
The device's camera however, could have been a little better, and has average performance. But yet again it can be overlooked considering the price of the device. 
 
Overall, it is awesome and is bang for the buck. I would recommend it to everyone looking for an Android device at that price range.Moto G one word the phone I was looking for.First : - Positive points :-- 
 
1. Cheap 
2. Quite enough memory 16 gb to play with apps songs and videos 
3.Response is okk / good even when multiple apps are running at a time 
4.Battery : Superb Sony please learn something from this Moto engineers 
5.enjoying it a lot till now 
6.Screen is awsome. 
7.Customer care in Kolkata is not bad as i already had an incident with the headphone and they just replaced it with in 40 mins. 
 
Negative one :-- 
 
1.Sound :- Could have been better 
2.Head phone quality : Very poor can be better it is not user friendly and looks are also quite cheap. 
3.Main Camera is okk-ish always can do better , front camera is great . 
 
Over all great phone both price wise and feature wise . Now its up to you to make up your mind. I can vouch this this best buy now for 2014 Q2, don't go for brand or high end nexus if the aforesaid mobile specification is just enough for you, .Charging issue.I am having trouble with the charging issue since begining of the day. I got a defective charger. While stretching the charger wire it is charging sometime. Maximum time it is not.Okay with usb charging so no problem with Charger connecting port itself. I found also while charging with that charger phone battery gets drained out in the morning. This thing happend twice.Instead of stop Data,wifi,bluetooth,other services. don't know how reverse charging happening. 
I request for a new charger replacement, but they are saying they don't have seperate charger in their stock. Either I have to replace the whole product or they will provide Rs.500 to my flipkart ac for a new charger.Even there is no Original Motorola Charger available in Flipkart. 
Over all Still I have found no problem with the device itselt apart from this Charger Problem. 
Please suggest and do share the Battery performance.Moto G ....simply awasome.....Oh yeahhhh....today I got my Moto G.....really awasome product....hats off to Flipkart &amp; Motorola for giving such a premium product at this unbelievable price.....beyond imagination...ultimately I got it...and those Galaxy...ur time is gone..Flipkart service- unmatchable...got the so much awaited Moto G in just 3 days...ordered on 6th, got it at 10 am i.e 9th Feb, thats too in Nagaland...Flipkart , keep on going, we r with u 
And the phone...Moto G...Guys, pls use it to feel how the other company is cheating us with such high price...using for 6 hours..grt exprnce...no lag, and display...can't match with anything, i was using lumia 800,also grt display, but this one is awesome...looks sexy...felt solid in hand, easily controllable by one hand...the basic requirement of mobile set...and browsing speed..lightning fast... 
Guys this is my first review in any website, normally i dont like ...but...couldn't resist myself from writing it....grab it as soon as possibleDon't buy Moto G.Hi Every one 
 
Please dont buy Moto G 
 
I order Moto g march 21 st,2014 . in cutomer care they said with in 20 days it will delivered to you. but mobile was delivered in next two days. i was surprised and happy. but after 1month 10 days my mobile is not getting switch on. its keep on switching on and off. 
 
After checking with customer care they said to give it to service center . 
 
i went service center that time i seen lot of people having same issue (some 10 customer) 
. 
I dont know wt was the issue with in one and half month . 
 
My order number : OD40221072305Worth the money.if you want the best android phone within 15K then this is the best choice. 
i have now being using this month for almost a month and i am in love with it. 
 
Pro's- 
- good battery life-easily stays for 35+ hours on full time email, facebook, watsapp sync on 2G( havent tried 3G) 
-good speed over 2G brower browsing 
-touch is good and smooth 
nice built. The phone looks sleek and nice. 
- the phone has 1GB ram and 1 GHz processor , however i havent ever felt any lag in any application used. 
- call Quality is also good. 
 
Cons- 
- doesnt have the &quot;ok google&quot; feature that comes with kitkat. the customer care said that the phone is not compatible. 
-doesn't come with a data cable to connect to computer. 
-cannot set songs as ringtones. need to install an app that can move songs to the ringtones folder and then you can set it as ringtone. 
- Music Quality if ok 
-speaker is not loud enough.MOTO G 1st day use review.Ordered on 14th FEB received it on 20 FEB. 16GB Moto, flipkart service no issue 
 
My 1st Smartphone is this. But I do some comparison with Samsung Grand and HTC Phones less than 20000 ones. I feel MOTO G is better overall in terms of features or price for normal users when compared to the models i said above. 
 
I did not feel camera bad as I read many saying that. They told 5 MP camera, so what can we expect from 5 MP that is coming, why to compare with 8 MP. 
16GB, yes if there are some serious people who really want to keep more data this may be bad here as there is no expansion option. I am ok with 16GB. 
 
Tested radio, video songs and audio good, no issue. 
Navigation very smooth, no stoping. I am not a serious game player, so no comments on that as still I need to add some games. 
 
Need to observe on battery as charged to 100, not used much went to 70 in 4 hrs. Need to check couple of days and couple of charges moreMoto G - 16GB.Amazing, Brilliant Phone 
commented today 16 march 14 
Received the phone. Amazing Phone. I was thinking of buying the iphone latest phone... but its for about 40k-50k. I am fully satisfied with Moto g 16 gb variant. Amazing phone. After three days it upgraded to the latest Kitkat update which happened seamlessly. 
The phone is even faster than any other phone. 
Brilliant Phone . value for money. Will order 3 more phones. 
The packing of the phone by Flipkart was very good. 
Thank You Motorolla, Moto g and Flipkart. 
 
commented today 16 Feb 14 
Heard a lot about the Moto G phones. Thought of going for 16gb variant as space is always an issue. Am presently using a blackberry and memory that am using is just 2 GB external card. 
Have read a lot of reviews online for the Moto G phones. If this phone is good will order 3 more phones of 16 GB. 
Just waiting for the delivery so I can see and post more review on this product.Best Phone in this price.Just got the phone today , I would tell the phone is good within the budget with all this internal configuration . 
 
Pros 
----------- 
 &gt; Got a good branded look. 
 &gt; Good configuration. 
 &gt; Screen size is perfect , it can easily fit inside a pocket. 
 &gt; Display is amazing. 
 &gt; Battery back up is excellent, I used internet for a more than 6 hours with 50% 
  charge still around 25% charge was remaining. 
 
Cons 
----------- 
&gt; The back cover is too fragile plastic, and its little bit hard to open it up, we feel it will be damaged if we apply much force. Even though the phone got a hard look. 
 
&gt; Sometimes I felt the letters flickering when deleting something typed. 
 
&gt; Camera Quality is not as expected, but satisfactory. 
 
&gt; Total memory to be used is 12.92 GB , It was the only flaw which I could point out, But it is enough for a medium usage.Kudos to Flipkart for brining an Excellent Value for Money Mobile for INDIANS.First of all thanks to Flipkart.... i ordered on 6th Feb 2014 and here is my Moto G delivered on 7th Feb........Great Shipping and service.. 
 
Moto G...........Excellent, Excellent and Excellent....:) 
 
Package contents : 
1.Moto G 16 GB 
2. Headset 
3.Charger ( No USB Cable for Data transfer)F_ _ _'nnnn Frreeaaakkin' Awwwwwwssssuuuuuummmmmm.Nothing can compare what American companies like Apple, Motorola(Google Company) can offer in terms of sheer quality. The Moto G is an Exceptional product with all Stock Android on ur fingertips with unadultrated ease of use and interface being out of this world. At this price it is a PURE STEAL on which one can lay his hands on one of THE BEST Android Phone available in the market. No Samsung No HTC can come close to MOTO G in terms of Quality &amp; Price - Complete Offering.......N dont Forget to Chekout the MOTO X which will be again a SUPERHIT Fone from Motorola(Google), n m sure that this surely make every one sit up and take notice of the offering which MOTO X is giving at halfthe price(compared to Samsungs n HTC) with 1.7 Dual Core (over all its OCTA Core processing which offer deicated processors for evry task like processing, Gaming, etc) @ GB Ram , 10 MP Ultra Clear Cam + Voice Recognisations &amp; What Not.Good build quality &amp; long term buy.The positives : 
Outer body and shape are aesthetically pleasing and the form factor is just the right size to hold and use. Quality components like the processor and graphics give me some faith in phone longevity. Screen is extremely crisp and beautiful and the camera takes sharp images. You'll like the fact that its on the latest android 4.4.2 and comes with minimal bloatware. 
 
The Negatives : 
4.5 inch may be too small a screen size for some people especially if you're migrating from a 5 inch Micromax (which is now cheaper than the MotoG) 
If you compare only rated specifications, a cheaper &amp; older CanvasHD will probably have a camera with more Megapixels 
The phone does heat up considerably when doing process intensive tasks. I've also noticed slight lag in the default android animations occasionally. 
 
Overall : 
It's a good quality buy for the long run. The small issues are just small and wont bother you in your day to day experience with the phone.Superb phone at killer price...MOTO G rocks!!!!!.POSITIVES- 
1.Great screen resolution of 329ppi (even Iphone has 326 ppi) 
2.Gorilla glass 3 ( only high end flagship phones comes with this glass).The glass on the screen is one of the best I've seen. It doesn't attract finger prints that much. 
3.The phone fits in the hand and has a good rubber grip at the back. 
4. It's call quality is great and it has astonishingly very good quality mics. 
5. The loudspeaker quality is good. 
6. It's a dual sim. 
7.It has android 4.4 KITKAT, latest in market. 
8.Heavy games run smoothly without any lag. 
9.Quad core processor. 
10.Good battery life.(18-22 hours under standard usage) 
NEGATIVES- 
1. No expandable memory card slot. 
2. Average quality camera.(Not bad at this price) 
3. Earphones are very uncomfortable.(Get a new set if u want to keep ur ears happy) 
 
Verdict- 
Great midrange phone with superb specifications...at 14k it's worth every penny...Go for it guys...MOTO G ROCKS!!!!!Thumbs up to Motorola and Flipkart.A lot has been said about the phone in thousands of reviews on this site and I would not be able to add anything new that hasn't been said already. 
 
Hands down, this is the best phone in this price range. Hell, it can even make some costlier phones look stupid. If this is in your budget, don't look elsewhere just buy it blindly. 
 
Coming to Flipkart, as usual they keep up stunning standards of service. I did not pay the extra Rs.90 for next day delivery but yet they delivered it within one day :) I ordered it on 13th March 10:30 am and it was delivered at my doorstep by 14th March 9:30 am. !!! 
 
The phone needs to be made available in brick and mortar stores also so that it has a bigger reach. We know that internet penetration in India is still in its infancy.Far far superior to other phones in this price range....Using this mobile since 14th Feb and I'm really enjoying the experience. You will surely not get anything better than Moto G under 20k price point. And I have already updated to Kikat 4.4.2 though OTA update. 
 
Screen: 10/10 HD IPS display with Gorilla Glass, and the touch response is sensitive too 
 
Performance: 10/10 This mobile is made for performance, it can play almost all the games and remember, this mobile has a Quadrant score of 8500, most Samsung Galaxy phones hardly reach here... 
 
Camera: 9/10 This mobile is not made for photo savvies, it can click great photos but not as good as Sony mobiles... 
 
Battery: 10/10 It does great here, no problems regarding battery life... 
 
Go for this if your budget is below 20k and you are not a casual photographer...Moto-G, the wait was over.Since my earlier mobile was making problems then and there, I searched a suitable phone with better cost to spec ratio. 
My requirement was that phone should fit in my shirt pocket and should not protrude out, The screen resolution should be neat and clear, Minimum 1gb ram with Quad core processor with better operating system. Everything was fitted well with Moto-g. Waited nearly 2 months to grab it. With some disappointment in the initial launch, grabbed in the noon on 06.02.2014 the 16GB Moto-G. 
My first impression about the phone is very neat and cute. I loaded lots of apps and games and integrated all my office and personal email's in the mobile. Everything working exceptionally well. No lags in application, screen is very clear, interface is good. Installed the latest android- Kitkat, however i don't feel any major difference with the old OS exceptionally here and thereWorth for money..I had been a fan of Moto since 2004. My first phone was C201 which is almost 10 years old still working without any change in the spare parts. 
 
Moto G is really nice product from Moto. It is worth for 14k. I am using it for the past 1 month. It is very good at the performance, playing games on the instrument is really a thrilling experience. The battery is awesome, i stay connected on 3G all the day with moderate use of WhatsApp and FB, battery lasts for 1 day. Sound quality on the speaker itself is clear and louder enough, you will not miss any calls. 
 
5MP camera is good at taking pictures in enough day light. Low light produces lot of noise. continuous shots are not clear. 
 
A few things i miss in this mobile are.... 
 
1. Video calling over SIM card is not supported...but it supports video call on Hangout and other apps. 
2. FM radio cannot be played over loudspeaker. 
 
It is totally a nice product worth for money.An amazing and most awaited phone. Motorola returns with BANG!!.Yes, that is what I feel to say &quot;Motorola returns with BANG!!&quot;. 
 
The phone is, absolutely with no second thoughts, amazing and outstanding. It is the most awaited device from Motorola. The phone is gaining attention among people due to its outstanding features and technical specifications that too in affordable price. 
 
My overall rating for this phone is 4/5. Other ratings are: 
Features: 4/5 
Performance: 4/5 
Value: 4/5 
Design: 3/5 
 
PROS: 
1. When looked at the performance according to its market price, it is pretty good. 
2. More than average battery life. 
3. The 720p display is good. 
4. Stock Android. Gets quick updates from Google. 
 
CONS: 
1. Camera quality is not as good as expected. 
2. No expandable storage slot. 
3. Slightly heavy in weight. 
 
Overall, the phone is awesome and I would recommend that if you are looking for phone in range of 12-15k give it a try. I hope you will not regret your choice. :)Ordered it on behalf of a friend and he has liked the Moto G.Nothing more requires as everything is available @ the product page landing at http://www.flipkart.com/moto-g/p/itmdsmbxcrm9wy8r?q=Moto G&amp;as=on&amp;as-show=on&amp;otracker=start&amp;as-pos=p_1&amp;pid=MOBDSGU2ZMDYENQA 
 
The Motorola Moto G is a mid-range priced dual-SIM Android smartphone by Motorola 
The phone supports dual-SIM (GSM GSM) capability 
It features a 4.5&quot; IPS LCD capacitive touch screen with Gorilla Glass 3 protection 
The screen has HD (720 x 1280 pixels) resolution with ~326 PPI pixel density 
It has 5 MP primary camera with LED flash and a 1.3 MP secondary camera 
The phone is powered with a 1.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor 
It has 1 GB of RAM and comes in 2 storage variants - an 8 GB &amp; a 16 GB version 
The device runs on Android v4.3 JellyBean operating system 
Connectivity options includes 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth (LE) &amp; Micro USB 
The phone has a 2070 mAh battery on boardExcellent Phone.I never bought an Android phone all along and stuck to Nokia since I could not find any medium priced Android phone of a decent build. Most medium priced phone in the marked have a plastic feel and lack finesse. This phone I could not resist buying since it was from Google owned Motorola. This phone has amazing build quality. Feels good in the hand. Just the right size. Crystal clear display. Doesn't seem to heat too much. At this price point, no other phone beats it. No wonder it got sold out in minutes on the website. 
I did have some moments of trouble. After about 3 weeks of using the phone, it started randomly rebooting every other day. I called up Motocare and they suggested that it could be hardware issue to take the repair center. Thanks to Flipkart's customer-friendly policy, they readily agreed to replace the piece and sent me a fresh piece. Its been a week now with the new piece and so far no troubles.Premium product from moto.....I've been using moto g 16gb from 7 days..i m happy with the device, what i found best in this ... 
1. Corning Gorilla Glass 3 display 
2. Good battery,no heating issues 
3. No lag at all...snapdragon 400 1.2 gh quadcore processor, Adreno 305 GPU so can play graphic intensive games easily(i tried dead trigger2). 
4. Pure Android kitkat,all sensors and connectivity options 
5. Water resistive body.rain friendly 
6. LCD IPS HD display with 329ppi ,720p video playback 
7. Dual Sim ,customizable body 
8. PRICE 
 
some things i found like camera quality(though good under sunlight) 
in box accessories like charger(takes 3 hour each time for full charge from 0),no noise free headsets from moto(i m using with scull candy..so sound is great),fix battery,no card slot &amp; no data cable 
 
got service center list in the box .48 hour product delivery.than x.. flip cart 
 
so i would say go for the device because in 14000 u get lot of things which other brands doesn't offer.Awesome Phone..Beast at its best!!!.First come to its camera because people are concerned about its 5 MP snapper. 
 
I have been using Nokia Lumia 900 since last 1 year,which is having 8 MP snapper with carl zeiss tessar lens but after using MOTO G,I found that its much better than my previous phone. 
 
Now come to its performance. 
 
Bestowed with power of four(snapdragon 400 processor),its far better than other phones having mediatek processor falling under the same price range. 
 
In ''An tu tu'' benchmark this beast has outperformed over google nexus 4 and samsung galaxy S2. 
 
It is the Best what a buyer can get under 17000. 
 
Last but not the least....This is for flipkart: Thank you for delivering this product before the time limit,and a extra star for sophisticated packing of the product.Unbeatable..The phone itself is pretty promising and does what it can do best nothing gimmicky.Build seems to be prefect although my particular unit came along with some problems, After popping out the back panel to get my sim cards in, the back panel now creeks from the right bottom hand side. As mentioned it has Corning Gorilla Glass 3 it should have some extent of scratch resistance and i personally like the feel of the glass rather than a screen protector, but after using it for about 20 days now it has a small hairline scratch which it really a big deal for me considering that i use my electronics carefully and no dust didn't cause the scratch. The call quality of the phone is sometimes choppy but gets through it. The speaker output is also pretty muffled all the time. The screen color reproduction is good and is pleasing to the eyes, The only thing i wish i could do was to be addressed on the screen scratching issue.Moto G is one of a kind.I was following every possible review for months before buying the phone. 
I do that for every gadget that I intend to buy, since it launched in India a bit late than U.S market,it helped me to put a glance on all the pros and cons of the masterpiece.I watched in-depth reviews,and felt like this is the smartphone that I am gonna buy, and the thing is this is my first smartphone also my first android device.Keeping in mind the price-tag, this was the only choice for me. 
As expected , it runs smooth on Kitkat Android 4.4.2 which I got out of the box. 
But there are some bugs in this version, and I've heard that we will soon get rid of these glitches/bugs in the upcoming 4.4.3 update. 
Till now my experience with the phone is excellent.If they could have supplied the amoled screen along with X8 computing system like the Moto X in this price , it would have been just perfect, but. 
I'm very Happy being a Moto G owner.Wow Very Nice Handset and Thanks to Flipkart..Thank you sooooooo Much for giving the delivery in just 24Hours, yesterday i booked Moto G by 12.30PM, and I got the delivery today by 1PM i am very happy and excited to use it. 
 
I found in youtube videos they were showing there is no head phones and charger adopter inside the box, i was little upset, but when i got my box it has beautiful headset and charger with adopter. Thanks Motorola. 
 
Its working very speed, anybody is waiting to take it then wait till stock comes again and take it dont divert your decision, its a vary good mobile looking wise and it has gorilla glass. 
 
good video quality, very nice and smooth sound via head phones. 
 
I just used for 2 hours, I am very happy to have moto g, Thats why motorola got six sigma certification, thanks motorala. 
 
**** Those who are waiting for cover and phones may bit upset because phone will reach in a day or two, but cover will reach by monday 17th feb 14.Best the Money can Buy right now!!!.Moto G! What else to say. I am amazed by every aspect of it. 
 
As MKBHD said in his youtube review, it's amazing that this phone has any camera at all! This should shut all the peoples who are portraying this Big Gun as bad camera phone. Guys, it's not supposed to get you great pictures like 30-40k+ phones. If you are so conscious about camera, go and buy a decent point and shoot somewhere around 10k. 
 
And about the phone, it's complete madness. So much in so little price, it's incredible. I have been using since past 3-4 days and no issues till now. No lag, No hiccups, great game play, loud music (again don't compare with HTC One), ok camera, stock android and always 300+ MBs of RAM Free. What else do you want from a sub 15k phone. 
 
For all those who are comparing this to Xolo, Karbonn, Micromax etc., Moto G's built beats them all to ground. Forget about performance (in which it is a beast in it's own right).Very impressive.It's been more than two weeks since I've started using this phone, and I must say, I'm hugely impressed. 
 
I had some initial concerns over the battery backup, after the KitKat update, but I contacted Motorola for that, and they gave me a simple solution (involving charing the phone upto 8 hours, while on, and then twice for an hour each, while switched off - to reset the microprocessor of the battery) Now it happily chugs on for a day. 
 
Now, regarding the quality of the phone, it's top notch. For starters, check this underwater submersion test - www.androidpit.com/motorola-submersion-test - and you'll realise how well built this phone is. 
 
On the performance front, I have no issues at all, even for heavy gaming. Asphalt 8 for example, runs pretty smoothly, without an iota of lag. To be honest, I haven't found any performance related differences between the Moto G and my 2013 Nexus 7 tab. 
 
Good work, Motorola.WOW AWESOME PRODUCT FROM MOTOROLA.i brought this product from flipkart. as usual very fast delivery from flipkart. I m not here to write full review or specifications, you can refer some very good sites for that.I m going to write my own experience about moto g. some people complain about the 2nd sim slot not working, thank god its not the case for me. 
 
some cons:- 
 
1) charger and earpiece looks very cheap (who cares phone looks great :) ) 
2) camera little disappointing (i don't mind i m not a professional shooter , anyways higher pixels--&gt;higher memory so its ok with a 5 mp) 
i didn't find other cons yet 
 
some pros: 
 
1) voice search is superb it can easily understand a non english accent also 
2) wonderful display 
3) good battery 
and lots more 
 
i was confuse to choose a moto g or a micromax canvas turbo, some inside instincts made me buy moto g and i m really happy with this product. thanks flipkart, hope your good services continues.BIG Joke.Updating my review since it was out of stock on launch day. 
 
I must say I stand corrected! ... Great recovery by flipkart to bring Moto G back in action whilst maintaining the price, this is why Flipkart is a benchmark! 
 
My faith in you is restored! Will order the phone shortly =)hats off to service and phone!!!!.SERVICE: flipkart promised to deliver it in 4 days but i got in 42 hr...!! now thats fast. 
PACKAGING:as usual packaging was neat with packing air bags. 
         ABOUT PHONE: 
QUALITY:premium build quality,curved back to fit curvature of palm. 
PERFORMANCE:superb,absolute 0 lag,great net speed,'ok google' makes it even cooler,superb screen and touch response. 
OS:got kitkat update soon after receiving. 
CAMERA;its decent for the price...unless you are a photography freak..!!! front camera too ok. 
STORAGE:well in build 16gb,wish they could have added a slot,but what to do its just like that(12.9GB-available for user) 
SCREEN:corning gorilla glass hd display is as name depicts..its rugged. 
SOUND QUALITY:cant say its crystal clear but its good. 
VIDEO QUALITY:its great,no lag while playing hq video. 
   FINAL VERDICT:GO FOR IT GUYS BEFORE IT GOES OUT OF STOCK 2ND TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!this phone is from heaven.UPDATE -- i just received the phone today, the phone is really good no problems with the phone.. i bought a new headset too the one that comes with this is not really good. 
other than that the display is good, overall everything is going as expected out of this phone. 
 
Really i was not looking to buy on phone, but then i saw some reviews and some sites saying that moto g all sold in less than 15 minutes. 
so i went digging on what the phone is about, and i could n believe what i read. 
this phone is the best in the class. 
though i was not looking for a phone, this offer was so tempting that i had to buy one. 
IT IS REALLY TEMPTING. i had a thought what if Motorola decides to increase the cost !!! :P .. i ordered my phone... waiting for it arrive. 
 
i think its victory for Motorola.. coz i was not looking for a phone. but they made my buy one ! 
 
And not to mention.. flipkart is eating the cake independently :)Excellent product.First of all,thanks to flipkart for a prompt delivery within 3 days.Now coming to the product,its a beast performer considering the price.Seamless HD Video playback.This phone is a looker with matte back cover adding to the grip.No lag whatsoever while multitasking or gaming due to 1GB RAM.Camera during daytime is good,cant say the same about clicks at night .Resolution is too good at 329 PPI. 16 GB is enough for regular use.The only concern being the battery which does not seems like 2070 mAH.1 star less due to this shortcoming. Motorola could have improved upon this aspect keeping in mind the 4.5 inch HD display which would eat up the battery at a faster rate.Overall, this one is a stunner. 
Performance- 5/5 
Camera - 3.5/5 
Music quality- 4/5 
Battery - 3/5 
Design and looks - 5/5 
A must buy for those looking for a budget phone and do not want to settle with mediocre performance in the name of cheapness.A Value for Money phone with latest Android Version.I have purchased this phone through flipkart after lots of good reviews. 
Used it for more than a month and I must tell that this is a wonderful smartphone in this price tag. My phone got delivered within 4 days of booking. Thanks flipkart for the best delivery service. 
Few issues I have noticed which may be useful for buyers: 
1. Battery can't be removed.( not required though) 
2. Opt for 16 GB instead of 8 GB; around 4 GB 'll be used by system memory 
3. Flip Cover is very costly( Rs.1500/- is more than enough IMO) 
4. Charger must have a 3 pin plug( Earthing pin missing) 
5. Camera is decent ( At this price this is the best one can offer:)) 
 
It has got the best features all around with fast processor, wonderful battery life, Perfect screen size, touch is awesome with corning Gorilla glass-3( Scratch resistant, water resistant; not waterproof), Latest Android, GOOGLE 'll bless the phone for a long run.Moto G.....Go for it.To all who r li'll bit confuse let me tell u one thing...... 
Go for it..... 
May be u hav some question which could be from following.. 
 
No SD card support.? Good or bad.... 
Ok is has no S D card support but my dear friends 
Don't bother coz it has OTG (one the go)Support means 
U can connect ur pen drive and. Access it without any lagging even u can connect USB 
Keyboard,mouse USB hub etc... 
 
What abt accessaries?? 
 
This is it inform u friends that moto g india version has all accessories like 
Headphone,charger etc. so no need to worry..... 
 
Display??? 
 
It has 
 
DISPLAY	Type	IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors 
Size	720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 inches (~326 ppi pixel density) 
And protection by 
Corning Gorilla Glass 3.... 
 
So guyes for ur need of a high end phone is available in this device in only 
12449(8GB) and 13999 (16GB) 
 
So go and grab it....... 
Thanksgood phone but bad flipkart service.I ordered moto g 16 gb which is really best in its range n its true value for money. 
but i am totally disappointed with flipkart service first for its limited stock of its 16 gb and its back cover. 70% off on back cover was of no use at all as its most of the color variant was out of stock and most of the people who ordered the product could not avail this offer. 
later flipkart sent mail to some people who ordered on 6th feb that 70% off offer on back cover can be used till 31st march but why this is limited to only some persons why not to all the persons who odered the product on 6 th feb. 
flipkart was known for its fast delivery service but this also became a false promise as it is taking 6-10days to deliver the product. 
flipkart do promise only what you can deliver don`t make false marketing promise which will make a negative impact among your customer. 
thanksGetting Camera Error and Black screen for some time.I have ordered this mobile on the day of its launch and received after 3 days( Good Service from Flipkart). 
 
After using for it for 1 week, I have upgraded to kitkat and started using it. From 2 days after this, I got camera error when I wanna take snap. I donno whats happening, So to workaround I have to restart my mobile and then its working fine. But again after 1 day I got the same error and it keeps on coming until we restart. Its not the problem with me, even my collegue bought the same mobile and she is also facing the same problem. 
 
And for some times it is showing blackscreen, toovercome tha, i need to close all my opened apps, and if we do that only it's working fine. 
 
Other than that its fine.Exceptional phone.This one is too good..... i ordered it on 6th and it was supposed to be delivered on 13th but thanks flipkart for giving it on 11th. it looks are stunning and camera is also good compared with other branded phones with the same config. all my friends are asking abt the features and getting stunned when i start talking abt it. the display is excellent and out of the box its running jellybean 3. truely a game changer. lot of my frnds are planning to buy this phone. but i am the first one to have it. the offers on 6th i got were like cream on the top....eagerly waiting for my discounted coupons which i will get on 17th.....and to the guys who didnt get it on 6th....people u r too slow.....flipkart tried it again and again through out the day with stocks....i didnt get at night but got in the afternoon....so stop complaining... at least stocks came nt like other sites where you have to wait for 1 week....Good going while it lasted!.Good phone (all relevant features, camera etc.) while I could use it. And then, suddenly, the audio conked off in the middle of a conversation and 30 seconds later, the phone was dead. The cause determined by the service center is 'motherboard issues'. 
 
Have been assured a replacement since it is under warranty. Will be posting a review about warranty process after the current transaction is completed. 
 
It was good going while it lasted but the life was too short. Hope I will get a good replacement piece and soon...and not an expensive paperweight!Awesome Moto G............Awesome Flipkart.Flipkart service is excellent. 
1) Display: display is very bright even in sun light if you set brightness to auto it manages very well in sun light. 4.5 inch HD display is nice to watch HD movies.gorilla glass 3 very high quality element and i don't using screen guard from three months got no scraches on the screen. 
2)Processor: 1.2Ghz speed quad processor will helps you in gaming and heavy applications,Adreno 305 is great for gaming. 
3)Camera: Camera is 5.0 mega pixal great in its price bracket camera captures very sharp photos.it can record video in slow motion mode and record in HD 720p at 30fps. 
4)Storage: internal storage limited to 8 or 16gb, i recomend yo to buy 16gb version and it supports otg function so you can carry pen drive with you. 
5)Battery: battery is 2070mah motorola guarentted 24hrs mixed usage. you can get 1day battery life in heavy usage, normal usage easily it can lost 2 days.Copy Paste problem in Moto G 16 GB.I have used this phone for 45 days. till 40th day it was working fine. but then after it developed problem of Copy &amp; Paste . i cant copy nd paste in the same file or to other application . for eg. i have an email attachement of word file. i opened that attachement , it opens with Quick office S/W. , now when i copy it from the same file , some text , it gets copied but i could not paste it in the same file , as well as messaging and whatsapp as well. 
i visited service center as advised by flipkart . they reinstall my OS , but still my issue is not solved.. i communicated this to flipkart customer care. Lets see what they can offer . i have no option but to replace this MOTO G mobile, as their service center has failed to resolve this issue even after master reset. I hope flipkart/ Moto G listen immediately. whats the point in having smart phone , if you can not copy paste in your mobile ?Fantabulous Budget Phone.I ordered my Moto G on 25th February.... Hats off to Flipkart for delivering it in 5 days only...The packaging is Neat...and they updated me about my product time to time....Thank you FK for making my first time online shopping safe and secure... 
 
Now Regarding the phone, all the reviews are true.... Great phone in great price... Camera Quality is good too if u r taking pics without zooming.... After zooming the pixels get washed out and a little blurry image is shot... Overall it's great...got Kitkat at the start only...using it for 12 hours...no problem at all... One thing I should tell you is that , buy a matte finish back cover coz I find the original back cover little slippery and the phone is also lil heavy...so the cover will be an advantage...I still need to check the call quality as I didn't have the micro sim... 
 
5 stars for the Flipkart.... But 4.5 stars for the Moto G as it is little heavy, and camera could have been better...MOTO G 16GB Combo RED panel.Time is turning favourable from 6th Feb, the moment Moto G is launched which is much awaited mobile for me,repented when in october 2013 I stopped buying it from US friend who is coming from there. Luckily they announced in last week of January 2014 they are going to launch this phone and with a week delay they launched and I got a chance to book it on the same day after keeping a watch in FlipKart. I started to book by 7 am on that day and soon realized that the mobile got sold out by 12:30 am the same day, felt very bad and kept my nerve to see if they are going to release in batches, and it went true and they released the mobile again by 12:45 pm. and I was able to book it very easily.. thanks to flipkart for an easiest interface and hassle-free payment process. 
 
5 stars to Flipkart and 
7 stars to Moto G for that price.. 
 
You will love it.. while others envy you :) 
 
Its a common man's Iphone :PMoto G - a superstar.I bought the Moto G Black, 8GB from Flipkart on 6th Feb. Received it in 3 days. It had 4.3 Jelly Bean. After about a week it got upgraded to 4.4.2 KitKat. 
I have about 30 installed apps, other than the Motorola ones. I have used about and 800+ MB for the apps. I do not use my phone as my Entertainment Store though. So it leaves with me about 5.5GB space. The mobile gives a good performance in terms of speed. And I am happy to make quick calls in urgency from this mobile. It has NOT hung till now. 
It has a good battery life. I run it for more than a day with full internet and long calls without charging in between. 
Display is very good. I love the feature, where the brightness is set to Auto and whenever light falls directly on the screen, the brightness adjusts just to the correct level. 
Overall I feel it is an absolute pick at this range of price and can be termed more that just VALUE FOR MONEY.Awesome phone..the best one I've ever got..I did a lot for this one- I sold my Samsung Galaxy Core, saved two months of pocket money, waited without a phone for almost half a month. But it was worth the sacrifice. The Moto G is awesome, and so is the flipkart's delivery. I got the 16GB version in less than 10 days, and now while writing this review, I'm holding it and believe me, it feels great. You guys must've read the specs and everything related to it, I just wanna say- Don't wait, go for it. The only con is that the memory space is not expandable, but 16 GB is enough for daily usage, you can have great games like asphalt 8, FIFA 14; around 150 songs; and 3-4 movies in HD, and still have more than 2 GB of space remaining. So, the space's not an issue. Everything else is just amazing, from the latest kitkat update to corning gorilla glass screen, to pixel density, to RAM...In fact, this is the best phone you can ever get in this range.Great product.I ordered with in-a-day-delivery on launch day. AMAZING service by flipkart. 
Have used this phone for 10 days and also updated to KitKat. 
SUPERB performance. 
Screen is as good as iPhone. 
Battery average life 32 hours per charging for me after KitKat update. 
(TIPS - Switch off scanning always available in advance wifi settings, turn off background data in useless apps from app settings) 
Games are faster than my galaxy tab 
Camera has also improved a lot after Kitkat 
IT IS a 14000 phone with features of 30000 phone. No match in value for money.Amazing Phone at Amazing Price.Awesome Phone, got delivered by Flipkart in just 3 days. Got discount on colourful cover. 
Pros: 
1. Good speed, 
2. No lag 
3. superb internet browsing speed 
4. Awesome HD video quality but just above average picture quality ( But not so bad) 
5. Gaming experience is simply superb, no lag at all and all graphics appear without any distortion or lag. 
6. Battery life is too good ( lasts 1 to 1.5 days easily with moderate use) 
7.fabulous display, looks as if we are holding nexus. 
8. Very soft touch 
9. Very good music quality 
 
Cons: 
1. Camera quality is just OK for Pictures( with HDR on pictures are much better though) 
2 No dedicated camera key/button on screen 
3.No USB to Micro USB cable supplied (charger with micro USB is supplied). 
4. Only white LED notification (no other colour) 
5. Both SIM slots are micro sim. 
 
But I don't worry much for short comings. I must admit that its really an awesome phone.Biggest Bang for Buck!! Go for it..!.Let me start by saying that the biggest feature of the Moto G is: value for money. 
Quad core processor, cg3 glass, 16GB storage, Dual sim, 1GB RAM, optimised Android, guaranteed upgrades - all this for 14k makes this one a steal. 
 
The display is fluid and rich, colours are deep and bright, multitasking is completely lag-free, video, sound, call clarity is top notch and most of all, the battery life is huge. 
 
About the lack of memory card slot, that can be solved byusing USB OTG, the phone supports it, no root or apps required. 
 
I am so glad I decided to get this one. It lives up, and at times exceeds, expectations. 
I will give a 5 on 5. 
 
And also kudos to FlipKart for delivering this before schedule! nice packaging as well. 
Thanks FlipKart.Awsome phone!!.I am using this phone since a month and the phone is simply superb... 
Pros: 
I have installed big games like Asphalt 8,Dead Trigger 2 and six guns there is no lag at all...You can enjoy those games in the stunning HD display...Kitkat update saves your battery like anything...You can connect your pen drive through an USB OTG cable so dont worry that this phone lacks an micro SD slot...Just go for it...Camera is also good if there is better lighting 
 
Cons: 
The accessories(charger and headphone) provided with the phone are not of best quality but is ok..You can buy headphones like SoundMagic and can enjoy music,games,movies...But please dont buy the flip cover because the magnet within the flip cover can damage the internal sensors used for navigation(Check in xdadevelopers forum)..Also dont buy the screen guards because this phone comes with the gorilla glass 3Classy - Smooth - Google (Ahhh !!).Great Phone. 
Purchased the phone with cash on delivery option with cover but cover went out of stock and was given &quot;Free Wallet Credits&quot; by flipkart for not being able to fulfill the order and hassle. This is something that shows the customer friendliness and customer centric approach of Flipkart. 
Really Awesome work by Flipkart. 
For the Phone - In One Word - Best value for Money Phone available right now. 
One of the best option for all the aspire's out there, 
* Brilliant Screen - Best PPI (Better than Iphone) 
* Smooth UI 
* No lag after installing 40-50 apps and running around 25 apps simultaneously. 
* Fits very well in the hand - no bulkiness issues. 
* Great Battery Backup and no heating or other issues (I am a heavy user - Believe Me) 
* 1st to receive android updates. 
 
Best Phone in the relevant price range. (Better than some higher end phones)One of the best mobile near 12k/-.Moto g is the best phone to buy in Indian market at this price point n all its compititors would just score 6/10 comparing at this price range..the phone has all the latest technology like voice commands n gorila glass 3 which are available for phones ranging 20-25k..ex: samsung grand-2, so no doubt this is the best phone in medium budget i can say that it will effect all other mobiles range 15-25k this is the best phone to pick.. 
 
 Good: 
------------ 
Display:4.50-inch 
Processor:1.2GHz 
Resolution:720x1280 pixels 
RAM:1GB 
OS:Android 4.3, Kitkat 4.4(upgrade) 
Storage:8GB 
Great gaming 
Quad Core processor 
Rear Camera:5-megapixel 
Front Camera:1.3-megapixel 
Battery capacity:2070mAh 
A good flash 
Low Budget device 
OTG support! plug and play! no need to worry about running low storage 
A clean fresh and a developer mobile! 
 
 Cons: 
------------ 
 Non-expandable storage 
 Average camera performanceMoto G : a phone that one wishes for.Its been almost two months since I am using Moto G and till date, everyday I feel thank god i picked up this gadget. 
 
Let me tell you if you are looking for a phone that gives you almost everything which is currently useful and available in the normal android or smart phone, that too in less than 15k, then Moto G is knocking at your door saying here i am. 
 
Its classy. 
the look Moto G has got is minimal, sophisticated and sober. 
 
One drawback we might think at first that there is no expendable memory. But look at the brighter side, it is providing you 50 GB cloud storage. 
 
Battery life. this is the bang on point where Moto G gets the winner's cap all the way. 
Even on continuous music, Data usage Moto G gives minimum one day battery life and you finally get rid off the power banks to carry in the pocket. 
 
Phones like this comes rarely. Enjoy the device that i am sure will make you happy. :)Moto G - WI FI not working :(.Hi..Got the product before the specified delivery date.. 
Wifi is not getting connected and reported the same to FK customer care.Got a response that many other users are facing the same issue and the problem will be solved by a software update. 
Does any other face the same issue/ any other issues in MOTO G ?Best in the range.This might just be one of the best phone the mid-range smartphone market. 
Flipkart delivered in just 4 days. 
The phone is just great, one of the very few android phones I like, along with last two Nexuses and Galaxy S4+es. I am an iPhone user and bough this phone for my wife. 
After the OS and system apps, The 16 GB version gives you free space of about 11.4 GB. Which is great. Even after installing more than 20-30 apps like ToI, PayTM, Facebook, LinkedIn, Yahoo, Instagram, Twitter, Dropbox, JustDial, 9gag, Duolingo, Snapchat, Life360, Saavn, MxPlayer, Snapseed, Truecaller, Merriam Webster Dictionary and a few more, I was only able to fill about a 1.5 GB. and left with about 10.7 GB of free space, which is enough for music and movies. 
Speed is decent and there is no visible lag in normal usage. 
If you are looking for a medium range phone for medium usage, this is the best money can buy. 
Go for it.No phone can beat it in mid budget range !.I migrated from Samsung to motog. Just a bit background, Have been using samsung devices for long now, had galaxy grand before this. At work I even use iPhone and S4 for official purposes. I did not want to leave android and go buy windows or iOS (too costly for me) phones. Now coming back to motog, I don't see any phone in the market which can beat this device, awesome performance, nice battery life( samsung sucks here), very nice and handy design, robust too ! They are saying that 5 MP camera is a drawback ? ohh come on, guys my previous device had 8 MP and though there will be difference in quality of photos in some cases, overall camera is pretty decent. It won't make you feel bad and you can post nice pics on FB through this camera. All in All a must buy phone, I was looking for some phone which easily fits in my hand , unlike grand my previous phone ! Go for it, you won't be disappointed !Best budget quad core, dual sim with HD display.Display - 10/10 
Covers/Cases - Premium quality - 10/10 
Sensors - working great - 10/10 
Build Quality - 9/10 
Battery - 2 days of general use, 1 day of internet/multimedia usage. - 9/10 
Screen Size - Could have been a little bigger - 8/10 
Processors/RAM - No Lags, little hick-ups in high end games. Bearable. 8/10 
Slow Motion Video (says HD, but doesn't seem like) - 7/10 
. 
. 
Dual Sims within 15k with these features. Nothing can beat this man....!! 
 
Flipkart - At once I started loosing hopes from your service. (from the comments posted by other people). Also I didn't see the discount that I was supposed to get initially. 
But when I Received my order on the next day evening I was overwhelmed by your service. Also My complaints were registered immediately and resolved. 
 
Great going Flipkart...!! you are still the first preference for all my online orders....!!Amazing Phone At Such An Amazing Price.I have to admit this is the best phone i've used under the 15000 price bracket, it can even compete with few phones priced upto Rs 25,000 
Great design, awesome display bright enough to be used in direct sunlight, Stock android is always a charm to use than the other useless bloatwares installed by other manufacturers google really does a perfect job i wonder why the sold Moto to lenovo, 
Battery is great, Build quality is exceptional, you cant expect anything more from a phone at this price that gives outstanding ease of use with Zero lag. 
I was lucky to get it at 12:31 am on the 6th of Feb right after the launch.looks resemble to both Moto X and Nexus 4. 
In short i'm loving every moment of it. 
A must buy for a buyer of this price rangeDont BUY Moto g (atleast until next Update).After 3 months of usage i do not recommend this phone. 
Though it looks good on paper the basic phone feature has been defeated. 
 
1.You cant make calls, the sim automatically goes off. its damn irritating.(Happened with One Sim slot, the other one is fine) 
Remedy: Restart the phone and better to use it as single sim. 
 
2. Sometimes the mic does not work. You does not listen to the other voice and the same from your side also. 
Remedy: Restart the Phone 
 
3.If you on 2g the phone becomes oven(Bloody Hot). Remedy: Dont use 2g or 3g 
4. Frequently android.process fails. All the apps close (Even 5 to 10 times a day) 
 
Brighter side Good Battery Backup(With out 2g &amp;3g) and good for gaming 
 
Heard that SIM issue is because of KITKAT OS. Hope next update might help resolve problemsA great phone at this price..The most important aspect is the pre-installed Kitkat version of Android. A product og Google and Motorola, they have tried to give you the best that they can with Android, which is a Google's production. With a 16GB internal memory and 4.5 inch HD display, what more could you have asked for. 5.0 MP camera's picture quality is good. 
 
The phone has Corning Gorilla Glass 3 display, which is a reason why I bought it. 
 
The Quad Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Processor with 1 GB RAM is a combo into multi-tasking and that's impressive. 
 
The only thing that I found it lacking is the file explorer or 'My Files'. But the question rests, as to why do we need them. As a user, we only need to do what is needed. 
 
After using it for a month, I haven't had any difficulties besides few hangups after prolong gamings. 
 
Hats off to Flipkart's Standard Delivery. I got my phone within 40 hours of placing the order.Excellant phone at 14k.Got 4.4.2 Kit Kat pre-installed phone. Haven't noticed any trouble as published by many others so far. 
 
Pros: 
Good processor speed and decent RAM makes lagless performance. Multi-tasking is quite easy. 
Decent camera, don't expect an excellent one. Flash is nice. 
Good build quality. 
Tried few games, graphics was good. Didn't try heavy games. 
This phone picks up tower in places where my other smartphone shows no signal! 
 
Cons: 
Music is not that great, loved my Sony Ericsson walkman series phone. 
The Earphones that comes in the box sucks. Moto could have given a better earphones. 
Availability of scratch guard and other accesories compared to Samsuny ones are less. 
 
The cons are bearable to me and nothing that makes me question my judgement of buying this phone. Excellent phone at this range. Giving 4 stars because of poor in the box earphones. 
 
Flipkart delivery was excellent as always.Purchased the 16 gb version with 10% cashback effectively the rate of 8 gb model :).First of all Got the delivery within 24 hours of placing the order, Lightning Quick Delivery.. Flipkart well done.. No wonder Motorola tied up with you :) 
 
Everyone knows the specs etc etc lets leave that alone !! 
 
Got the phone with 4.4.2(Kitkat) installed, Loved the kitkat smoothness,speed of apps behavior, Look and feel and smooth transition. 
 
As confirmed by Flipkart CC the new lot March 2014(Date Of import) have 4.4.2 pre installed. 
 
Kitkat is very close to ios as i have used iPhone 5 - No lags, No glitches, No Failure messages (Till Now) 
 
If you want the Phone to charge faster connect it to PC using USB or normal Indian charger.. 
 
Saw numerous reviews on youtube before buying it :) Moto G and Motorola lived up to my expectation.awesome phone.i ordered the phone at 12:26 pm at that time there is no flipcover option at that time..and when i called to customer care they told me sir you have to order both the things together... 
you can cancel the order and reorder the product...when i tried to reorder its out of stock 
flipkart please help 
 
update 
i mailed the above issue to flipkart and flipkart resolved my issue for this 5 stars to the flipkart.. 
 
now its phone's turn. 
the phone is very very good..easily removable back cover..and the best part is the delivery.my expected delivery time was 10 feb but i got it on 8 feb for this flipkart deserves the 5stars. 
 
when i opened the box i found the normal earphones in white colour and i was wondering that it will come with the in-ear earphones-headphones as shown in flipkarts ad..for this i m deducting one star... if flipkart helps me regarding this issue i will update my review...&quot;Great Budget Phone&quot;.I bought this produt under exchange offer. So it cost me only 12049 bucks. Really appreciate Flipkart for their quick delivery and durable packing. Hats off. 
What a come back of Motorola with unique tag &quot; A Google Company&quot;. My first cell was &quot;Moto RAZR&quot; with flip and since then i'm fan of Motorola product. After so many years of absence from Indian market Motorola come back like a bang. 
 
Well, what i can say about Moto G. Its a just awesome feeling when i hold Moto G. 
Great design.. Superb quality.. Fast processor.. Scratch proof display.. Excellent display resolution.. Great value for money.. 
 
Little bit disappointed with camera features and Headphone. Camera is Good but not upto the satisfaction in the low light. Headphone is just like a plastic bunch and not suit with Phone. 
 
Anyway Guys Just go for it.. U ll not be disappointed with this Product expect above two. :)MOTO G + FLIPKART=&gt; UBER COOL.No other phone have such awesome specification in that price range. It is so well equipped and smooth to use, even it is better than many expensive phones. And the stock android experience is superb i feel touchwiz in my samsung is so heavy... Its even close to performance of top end phones. Only down side is the 5MP camera, still it gives acceptable snaps. Try to buy 16GB since it has no ext memory card slot. I use it for single sim use, so everything works perfect. And congrants FLIPKART for taking such a heavy effort, being the only seller of MOTO G in INDIA... I find this phone so cool because once I past motorola quit sales in india, then came back with just two phones and sold only through one website... And it out sold even market gaints... SO THE CREDIT FOR THE COMEBACK OF MOTOROLA IN INDIA IN A UBER COOL WAY GOES TO FLIPKART. FLIPKART pls try to bring OPPO and MICROSOFT SURFACE tablet range as well this way... Cheers...MOTO G an Awesome phone.Moto G is an Awesome phone.. feels great in hand.. The finish is beautiful. Super Fast, Camera Quality is ok. Sound Quality is real good better than Sony even. Kitkat Update is readily available. Overall A good product from Google &amp; Motorola. Its Worth the Money. Those who are worried about external memory go for the 16GB version u'll get around 12 GB free space. And for those who want to buy it but are scared of buying it online.. I would advise u to take a chance and go for it..I am one of u guys who are scared to buy electronic goods online.. but I took my chances with Moto G and flipkart didn't disappoint me in every aspect. Fast delivery, product not at all defective, company sealed packed. I just hope I get my cashback soon according to the Holi offer for Axis bank cards... In short I am having a great time with Moto G... Just go for it....MOTO G , A Phone........worth possesing it.Processor with 16 GB memory: Outcome You run temple run yew play music yew surf net twitter fb and your personal stuff. 
 
no leg back no tempered performance. 
 
Graphics touchy. touch is feb yew surf around yew play candy crush temple run subway yew would never loss as yew were iPad user, you would find almost same experience. 
 
Music quality: i listen music for 6 hour on trot(though i am music freak) I was able to feel beats and very minute A.R Rehman which generally get avoided. 
 
Phone cause we talk.. good network catching same Airtel network in hinjewadi lifts where while in lift network dont respond now i am able to talk...(wah point) 
 
Look- I was least bother , Phones looks cinderella but its quite sylvester stallone. Sorry i dropped it 2 times so far no impact lets pray it wont repeat. but yep its still as it was.. 
 
these are basic things i explored and find worth possesing it...Amazing phone from Motorola!!!.I m not a very phone person and have always stuck to low-end phones. But after reading the reviews about this phone on Flipkart and also going through the specifications myself, I decided to give this phone a try, and m so glad i did :) :) !! Now i can say that I just found the right Android phone for myself!!! And i m so happy it fitted in my budget!! This phone is at par with the other costly Samsung phones out there in terms of pic and sound quality. Movie watching experience is brilliant with its superior HD quality screen. The touchscreen is so effortless and the built of this phone is robust. I ordered it from Flipkart about 15 days ago and so far, i havent seen any loops in the product. So those who are really looking for the best Android phone within 15k, I would strongly recommend this phone for them. Take my words and you wont complain ;)Not User friendly.I have purchased the phone two weeks back from flip cart.The delivery was very fast. 
The speed, working ,camera etc are very good. But I feel the phone is not user friendly 
First of all there was no provision for forwarding contacts by SMS as available in all other phones in sending business cards. Afterwards one of my friend helped me by downloading one link for the problem. Now the camera is in video mode and I am not able to change to still camera. When I press the icon immediately recording starts. I have tried to contact the service centre at Calicut in the address given along with the packings of the phone but it was told that the service centre shifted from the premises about 3 year back. I had sent a mail to customer care and waiting for their call 
I feel the programmes should be easy to perform and any expert help in day to day operation cannot be expected. 
Pavithran 
CalicutGreat Smart phone below 15 K.I was considering buying Samsung Grand 2 . But the reviews and purchase experience of my friend has made me buy Moto G . 
 
1.Display is cristal clear from any angels . 
2.Very pleasant google experience. 
3.Audio quality is excellent. 
 
What more , we get a 50 GB additional storage space in Google drive . In short a smartphone worth more than the price considering the prices of other brands with similar features. 
 
Also I should mention the Very good service of Flipkart. Flipkart never disappointed me in terms of delivery , quality of the product received . Thank You Flipkart.Best Phone in this price range. PERIOD!.This review is coming from the previous owner of Nexus 5. 
 
I sold my Nexus 5 because I needed a dual sim phone. After using this phone, I realized the phone does not have to be expensive to perform good. Hats off to motorola for making this value for money monster. Price absolutely perfect for the Indian market. 
 
Now you guys have no excuse to purchase Micromax phones. 
 
Call Quality is way better than Nexus 5 on this phone. Frequent call drops i faced on Nexus 5. Low signal problem as well. There is no signal problem and call drops on Moto G as the antenna is excellent. Battery backup is almost double compared to Nexus 5. Gaming is excellent considering the price. I play FL Commando 2 frequently on this phone without any noticeable lags. 
 
Just think about it guys... I'm comparing this phone to Nexus 5 which has almost double the price. 
 
I've got three words for you &quot;GO FOR IT&quot;good value for money!!!.1) first you notice.. feels great in hand. not like other phones in this range for eg sumsung plastic designs no way near this design..we have to compare with grand 2. 
2)smooth functioning and no unnecessary apps installed.. 
3)1gb ram works perfect for medium gamers.. 
4)camera good for this price range and produces nice images... 
5)loud speaker..just wowww 
6) on flip side two things one no remo battery and seco no remo microsd 
its a big negative since u cant give the phone to repair if u have personnel stuff inside bse u 
cant remove the storage :) 
7) some software bugs are there like OTG, camera, touch sometimes not working at all but its once in a blue moon so no need to worryy.. 
 
so irate it 4.5 STAR since they must fix bugs.. 
for the price range and functionality if u want to buy a product from well known brand compare it to sumsung grand 2 only but hey its prices around 20k now..:)Great Phone in this price range.I bought MotoG last week and I know it is too early to write a review. But I wanted to share few tjhings: 
 
1. Nice design and always try to buy bundle with the Flip cover coming from Motorola. That cover have a nice hand grip. 
2. Display is also OK 
3. Speed is great and performance with 3G is superb. 
4. Tried with various apps and perfomance is good. 
 
Issues: 
 
1. There is no native video calling option. 
2. Batter is max 24-30 hrs ( but it is ok for a smart phone). 
3. Call list menu is little confusing for first time users. 
 
But this is a better phone comparing to the same class in other Major Brands.I am using it 24x7 business use bundled with so many mails and browsing. So far it worked with out hanging. 
 
I am 90% satisfied with this phone. Thanks Google and Motorola. Also as always Flip cart did a great Job . Delivered in a day even I orders after 8:00PM . May GOD Bless Flip Cart.After two weeks of usage.purchased this device about a couple of weeks back. I'l just list down down the cons first because so far we have heard about the pros. First of all camera is NOT GOOD..and trust me people when i say its not good i mean it. After you take a picture and zoom it , it quite feels like a oil painiting..Next up is network issues, mostly faced during USB tethering..and once i even faced problem with the sim detection. It continuously went showing sim not detected. After restarting it for around 5 times i finally had to re insert the sim and then it worked. 
Now , with saying that, the kind of performance its giving in 14k is just too good and probably thats why i dont mind mind the cons at all.I'm sure you guys are aware of the pros by now so if you arent a photo addict or a person who talks over the phone entire day, this phone is just perfect for you..Nice Phone with Snapdragon 400.Got the item within 72 hours,prompt delivery 
 
Cons: 
Camera might not be the best,but certainly wins against all 5mp out there. 
Battery is non-removable 
Non-expandable Storage(I'm shocked though over 6gb user-available for 8gb version) 
 
Pros: 
Very handy,easily operational with a single hand 
Nice battery backup 
One of the finest and louder loudspeakers out there 
Timely updates promised, and 4.4.2 (kitkat) few days away for the Dual-sim version 
Screen is bright and colorful (720p high-defination) 
Certainly better earphones than the most 
Motorola protection helps you track your phone when stolen 
Google drive's 50 gb availability to store the additional content and even handy to create a backup 
 
So the bottom-line, if Moto G suits your budget go for it. 
And if you go for micromax or samsung, climb upto your terrace, take a deep breath and Jump !!Excellent phone for the price.I have been using this phone for 1 month. 
 
Positives 
+ Excellent battery - for low usage may last for 2 days; this is very difficult to get in any smartphone now-a-days. 
+ Stock android - no shitty apps. 
+ Motorola Assist - one of the most useful apps around. 
+ Smooth as silk - I still have not had a lag at any point. 
+ Stable - I did not have to restarted it till now. 
+ GPS - Excellent. 
+ Display - 329 ppi, need I say more? 
+ Dual SIM - another plus given that it is difficult to find it in most mainstream mobiles. 
 
Negatives 
- Camera - though I won't say it is bad, but it's not great either. If you're looking for a phone with a great cam, this one is definitely not for you. 
- Speaker sound quality - again, not bad, but not great either. 
 
In conclusion, I am very happy with this handset. The voice quality is quite excellent, and it's an extreme value-for-money worth phone. Go for it!!!Nothing gets better than this!.Alright! I received this phone in straight 23 hours on a &quot;Sunday&quot; which is awesome service by flipkart and ekart. 
 
Now to the phone, it is pretty fast. No lag at all. Camera is good unlike the reviews of others. I don't know what ppl expected but for me, it was good. Now, the sound is very very awesome.. it beats all other phones (compared it with Sony, Samsung note etc). Call clarity is there. I took 16 GB because of my large music database and it's better to have double the size in just 1.5k (it's not large amount of money!). 
 
The only issue is that one ear of my headphone is not working. I have raised it with flipkart and will get resolved. Anyway, headphone and USB cable is not a big concern for me at least. I have skull candy which would always be in use. 
 
Overall, awesome phone. I cannot expect anything better than this. Thank you flipkart for this awesome service.Worth the money spent &amp; be an informed consumer..This the best phone within the range. However there are more systems available in its comparison but i can't assure u about the quality that they deliver. This system's quality is out standing. U can also try xolo q1100 whihe ch is quite similar to this product(specs only). Pls check the system that u r buying compare it and be informed on what ur investing ! Moto G is not a full Gaming system neither the other systems that are available in its range. Systems like Moto X and others with gpu supporting adreno 330 and above, powerVR, Nvidia tegra with 1.5 Ghz and above (quad core and above), 1gb of minimum ram ensure these specs if ur looking for a gaming system. 
   Delivery of the item was as usual on time i ordered it without the one day guarantee so i received it after 2 days of placing the order. To sum up this product is worth buying no matter where ur buying it from.Moto G review.This is the best handset in this price tag, i bought 16 GB variant and it rocks 
 
Touch- gorilla glass 3 coupled with water resistance body works pretty well.Touch very smooth like other high end phones and gorilla glass makes this even better. 
 
Camera-Camera(5 MP) is average just like u get with galaxy core or even better flash works well front camera is not that good(1.3 MP Fixed focus). 
 
Processor-1.2 ghz snapdragon 400 is best in this range lag free and can play nearly all high end games multitasking works like a boom. 
benchmarks scores- 
Antutu-17536(core scores 7460) 
nenamark-59.8fps 
 
battery-Battery is best in range. 
 
&quot;Google ka vardan&quot; it will receive updates directly from google(i got with 4.4) 
 
Cons- Non removable battery(thogh no need to remove it) 
No memory card slot(but 16 gb is enough(12.6 gb usable) 
 
GO FOR ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Moto G... finally.A very good value for money phone. It has exceeded expectations. The initial reviews that i read on flipkart had not so good words on the battery life. My battery lasts a day comfortably. Might be because, i basically use it for calls and mails with a little bit of messages exchanged on whatsapp and bbm. The UI is very good. The picture quality has been the surprise package. The photos in normal light are stunning. All in all a good buy. One disappointment has been the service offered by flipkart. For once, they were disappointing and not professional at all. I also missed out on the initial discount that they were offering on the flip cover. A request to extend the discount on purchase of the flip cover in march was not accepted, but thats ok. It was a learning experience for me. But as the review is about the product and not the service, it is 5 stars from me on this one. Cheers!!!An awesome product- its 5MP camera is beyond expectation!.Finally Moto G has come to my hand. I ordered for it the day Flipkart had launched it on 6th Feb. I somehow missed for 16 GB version &amp; colourful back case I had desired, but I dont repent now for getting 8 GB &amp; that too non expandable as the product is awesome in many other ways. 
I was worried for its 5MP cam &amp; read lot review on net for its cam quality. It has scored many in reviews on other specs but not seems on cam. But now after using it I would say, it It has very good camera, it shoot excellent photo in day &amp; low light! I am an Architect &amp; need to take photographs in many dark rooms at construction site. If I wanted I would have gone for low brand high megapixel mobile cam like 13MP, but was thinking high resolution mobile cam need not necessary may give good result and I am right! Moto G beats them all! Thanks to Flipkart for launching bringing Moto back!Awesome Phone and Awesome price.I got this phone few months ago from US. I have used LG phone before, which is supposed to be high end phone for that time and it used suck big time. Till today with all apps running, I haven't felt a lag. You have an option of HDR photography and pictures seem to be much better than Galaxy note 2. I couldn't get scratch guards and accessories as it was not launched in India and it was very expensive on e-bay, but till today with all rough usage I have no scratches on my phone. 
 
How I wish I could have waited and bought India version. I would have got dual sim option as well and at a lesser price :) 
 
I suggest you guys to go for it! Even Chinese models will not come at this price. BTW, I got a Kit-Kat update and its the best!Awesome ..in a word:).Well..Moto G is a phone that's absolutely stunning and awesome for its price. It is beautiful,has an amazing interface,a stunning display,good battery backup ,a decent camera ,great sound and comes with the latest Android 4.4.2 Kitkat.Plus it is dual sim , which for many is a must have now-a-days with almost everybody having more than one numbers for different reasons. Most importantly, it is cheap. It falls in the bracket of budget phones but looks and feels premium. Yes, it has its cons-- It does not come with a memory card slot ,the battery is non-removable and the camera is only 5MP. But you will easily forgive these cons once you see the phone and use it . Its damn good and well worth those 14K .If you are thinking of buying it, please go ahead. Also, as a footnote, Flipkart's In-a-day guarantee service is impeccable. It costs you Rs 90 per item..but it does deliver in a day .Moto G Is One Of The Best Smartphones I Have Ever Used..This is my first buying from Flipkart &amp; the experience is excellent. Now come to the point Motorola Moto G is one of the best smartphones in India infect better then note 3 Sm-n900 Indian version. My previous phone was note 3 &amp; its three times freezes so i fed up &amp; quickly sold it. And after using around a month or so my moto g experience is mind blowing no lags, no hanging problem &amp; one of the best things it supports high end games with more compatibility then note 3 Sm-n900 few new games are not compatible with my moto g like The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Captain America 2 &amp; many more but i hope Gameloft will add Compatibility to my moto g soon. One more important thing is that there is a limited space for users like me, so Motorola please increase memory or launch with 32gb storage version thanks to Motorola &amp; Flipkart for giving me such a great experience.Just Amazing....Great prize and Greater Phone....Somehow I managed to order my device (16gb version) on the launch day....Dat in itself was a big reason to be happy.... 
 
 Regarding d phone.....Its just awesome....D moment u hold it,it feels like a flagship device....Some of the high end phones in d market do not give such a great build quality and feel... 
 Phn is gr8, its blazing fast, easy to play high end games, watching movies is amazing thanks to the brilliant screen from Motorola.... Camera though just average could have been better or at least should offer a few more shooting modes ( yes it only offers HDR) but whatever is being offered is not at all bad.. 
I got a benchmark score on 17268 on Atntu Benchmark. 
Call quality is good enough and speaker volume is one of d best in the market...It is already running on 4.4.2 KitKat OS and so all updated... 
 
Overall a masterpieces from Motorola. Definitely recommend this phone...Value Buy.I have purchased Moto G 16 GB on 4th Apr. On next day I got my product in my hands. 
I used it extensively these 3 weeks. I found it is a very good smart phone to have which is available at low budget. No other brands, models can support this config at this price. Body, shape, look &amp; feel, config absolutely perfect for my needs. It is not too bulky not too tiny. 
 
Only few issues I noticed are, one is photos you capture from standard app are not so great. So I use Camera Zoom FX app, now it is better than standard camera, 2nd is voice: sound quality is not so great, voice breaks and headphones are of poor quality. 
 
I can conclude that, apart from above concerns, it is an amazing smart phone with best performance, response time, Gorilla screen, best shape &amp; size. Idle for people looking for best phone at low budget, students, house wives and non hi-tech mobile users.The MOST value for money smartphone ever made!.I purchased the 16GB version for Rs.13,999 and it was totally worth it. 
The device sports an awesome 720p 4.5-inch screen, Corning Gorilla Glass 3, great 1.3 MP front and 5 MP rear ( flash) cameras, a decent battery life, dual-sim support, a sturdy built, 1.2 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 400 processor, 1GB RAM and pure android with quick updates. All of this put in a nice small package with the charger and earphones (which are nice too). 
You couldn't ask for more, considering the price. The device just works smoothly. Most apps and HD games from the Play Store are available for the device. 
The only issues I faced are that the loudspeaker cracks when volume is turned to the higher side, and the camera performs poorly in low-light conditions. Though the flash does help a lot. 
Other than these, if you need to go for a nice budget-friendly smartphone, look no further. Moto G is THE deal!Makes you fall in love at first sight.A Lot has been written about specs so I will spare that description.... 
This phone is everything you can expect in a phone. As I unpacked my moto g box, I was mesmerised by the design and look. I kept turning my phone and looking at it for 10 minutes. No shitty button and extra design tweaks that makes phones look like carved stone. Simple, elegant and classic. 
About software, it is as smooth as you can expect it to be, thanks to the system specs that are sufficient to run anything. Display is HD and glossy, so pictures and videos come alive in the screen, Battery is decent. 
Only ordinary thing in this extra ordinary handset is rear camera, though you can not expect for more in such an exceptional price... 
Those who want to buy it, dont even think for a second, go for it and to those who are still whinning because it is not making hole in your pocket, better buy a golden handset...good value for money.Ordered moto G 8gb on the opening day. got it within 3-4 days. Now I've used it for 1 month. Good display quality. Can see black clearly as black with 180 degree viewing angle. Installed HD games like Asphalt 8, Plays smoothly with stunning graphics. Plays full HD videos smoothly. I haven't seen any lag in any application till now. I've brought a motorrola flip vover along with it. It has a sensor to lock and unlock screen automattically. 
 
Pros :- 
Display, 
Ram, 
Processor, 
hall effect sensor, 
usb otg, 
Fast android update,. 
 
Cons :- 
Ear phone quality is not good, 
camera, 
only 8gb, 
No inbuilt file manager( Have to download from play store. Before updating to kitkat Quick office was serving the purpose of file manager) 
Default sms sending sim changes to SIM 1 automatically after any one sim goes out of coverage. 
 
Comparing the price and feature it's a highly recomended phone.My first and the best Android phone available in the market for this price tag !!!!.Ordered the mobile on Feb 8th, got it delivered on 17th Feb, that was really sooner than what Flipkart committed. Outstanding display, feels good to use, far better quality of hardware when compared to other 10,000 Rs Android phones sold in the market. Immediate upgrade to Android 4.4.2 available. Phone handles apps and data usage with ease. 
 
&quot; The moment you take this phone out when you are with a group of friends or colleagues, the phone gathers everybody's attention. Some even don't hesitate to inquire and end up in shock upon knowing the cost of the phone.... :-) 
 
The only thing which annoyed me is, you can't remove the back panel easily and there is absolutely no accessories (screen guard, carry case) available in the market. 
 
Both FLIPKART and MOTO G rocks. .... (Effect of the joint collaboration is equal to that of a movie with double hero's Rajini &amp; Kamal)Well priced quality phone.At last we are seeing more realistic prices. I got the 16gb version and am pretty happy with that. Have been happy with how things have worked so far. 
 
Good: 
Look &amp; feel - much better than chepo builds 
display - resolution is quite good 
almost stock android - This is one of the reasons I got moto g 
 
Good but not exceptional - 
Battery life - I would say it is as good or as bad as any quality phone. Nothing exceptional. 
 
Not so good - 
the camera - I knew when I bought it. So dont have any issues with it. Actually UI and outdoor PQ are pretty good compared to what I had expected. 
earphones - I would not have used it anyways. I would suggest any phone manufacturer to skip on this and put the money on better build or adding a data cable. Any sane phone user will buy a better quality IEM or bluetooth headset instead of crappy OEM ones.Its a wonderful phone.i ordered Moto G from Flipkart with in 1 hr on the day of launching. Flipkart service is excellent, considering the geographical condition of place where i live (North East ). 
I had already done a lot of research on this phone and was waiting eagerly for its launch. 
what attracted me most was: 
an excellent hardware configuration: Qualcum processor, 1GB RAM,, a good amount of internal storage, gorilla glass - 3, inbuilt battery, low SAR value, HD Display, HD recording camera, front camera,,etc............waw!!!!!! 
Superb photo quality. 
-shot photo in daylight, dark, low light etc. got good photographs 
fast response 
beautiful look. 
nice display with gorilla glass. 
have played HD video, its awesome 
any other brand phone with same features will cost at least 18-22 K 
 
Its a nice gadget. i will recommend those who want to buy a good device at low cost &quot;u must go for it&quot;moto g worth for money.i am using this phone more than a month, its the best phone and great value for money 
Got it with kitkat updated. 
Just zero lag, played subway surfers and temple run its just smooth. 
Signal strength is excellent 
16GB version has 12.92GB available for user 
500MB (total 900MB) available for user after all apps 
Screen resolution is excellent 
while opening camera it it lag for a second otherwise Camera - Images and videos are good, I will never use mobile as &quot;digital still camera&quot; 
Cool Motorola apps 
Both Speakers, external and for call are good 
Battery lasts for more than 24hrs with moderate call usage and 2G on for 8hrs and wifi rest of the day 
external glass comes with gorilla glass 3,but it is not a scratch resistance i got two scratches in display glass with a minimum use.I would strongly recommend, Happy to be back to Motorola - my first mobile phone was a L6 MOBILE.Continuous connection issues - DO NOT BUY.Bought this phone on the launch day thinking that a &quot;Google&quot; phone will have the most stable software and service possible - BIG mistake. Google offered a OTA update to KitKat within days and I accepted it - a BIGGER mistake. The phone has continuous connectivity issues - the connection is dropped every 30 mins and the phone goes into a unreachable state. You have to restart the phone to get the connection back. Motorola acknowledges this problem, but is doing nothing - see the Motorola support forums for proof. Battery life is pathetic - even without using it, you need to charge it every 12 hours. 
 
This phone is a lemon - a phone that does not connect is not a phone, its a paper-weight. Motorola need to fix these problems ASAP. Till then DO NOT BUYMoto G - seems worth the spend.Its been 20 days since i'm using Moto G. It has been pretty good on its performance. 
Battery life has been awesome. I charge it once in the morning its godd all day even though i use 3G. 
 
It came with inbuilt Android KitKat 4.4.2 which is amazing to use and the phone doesnt lag at all. All apps are working super fine though sometimes Whatsapp has hangd few tyms. 
 
The camera has been way above expectations since its just 5MP. The images during day are nice and crisp while they are dull @ ni8. So, no so gr8 camera for low light conditions. 
 
The memory doesnt seem sufficient since no expandable memory, still Moto has made it up it by providing 50GB on cloud. 
 
However, recently i have noticed that the phone has started to get heated up while charging. But, this could be due to processes running in the background. 
 
Overall, its been a pretty good investment. Worth the money spent.Good value for money.I have ordered 16GB on Feb 12, 2014 and received on Feb 22, 2014. Using the phone from 3 weeks and no lags in the performance even when internet is on. 
 
Bought this phone for 3 reasons. 
1. Brilliant HD display with gorilla 3. 
2. Snapdragon 400 processor with Adreno 305. 
3. Pure Android. 
 
Only issue faced was sim card rejection. It happened for 4 times in first the two weeks of the usage. This week it is not yet happened. Also, waiting for the fixes to Kitkat which is already available for US/UK region single sim verson. 
Head set in the box is below average and I am using my old Xperia's headset instead. 
 
Best value for the money. None of the phones available with Kitkat for the price tag of 14K INR at this time. Go for it ... 
 
Also, I wonder how Made in India Charger is part of China imported box piece. 
Is Flipkart added the headset and chrger to the closed box ?? !!!Great Phone with great price for pure android experience.Used single sim Moto G and I couldn't resist myself from buying this. 
 
The pros: 
- Premium build quality at such a competitive price and good customization option. 
- Pure android experience without heavy modification and alteration. 
- Great specification at this price. (Benchmarks comparable to Nexus 4) 
- Outperforms nexus 4 at many instances. 
- Guaranteed android update promise. 
- Outstanding battery life. 2 days with normal use(Regular calling, whatsapp and limited browsing) and 22hrs with regular use(youtube, Music and Games). 
 
The cons: 
- Camera quality is average but far better comparable to Iris pro 30 and other similar budget phones. 
- Feels heavy compared to Nexus 5 but who cares about few extra grams. 
- No expandable storage. But 12.92GB combined with 50GB cloud storage is satisfying. 
 
A must buy for someone looking for a pure android phone at an unbelievable price.Moto G.After three days finally I got this Moto G.... During the first day observation first of all i found the battery 50% available but during the use i found that the battery % decrease to 20 % in night.... next day i charged my moto G till 60% but after removing the charger cable i found that the battery % is 2 % not 60%. 
I some how able to use my Moto G for the day but every time found the battery % to be 2 %. so at night i decided to give initial charging. And the phone shows full battery without any problem..... 
so what would like to conclude that the first day my phone give me some amount of tension regarding battery %. but after initial charging the phone is a most compatible and budget type phone that could buy....Not good for making calls.This phone sucks when it comes to its main use: calling 
Using this for about 6 weeks and I'm already hating this phone! 
Its a big waste of my money. 
Hardware wise its ok but its basic use - calling : BIG NOOOO 
1. There are a number of call drops 
2. In middle of conversation, you could hear other person but other person wont (earlier I thought it was others phone but then I faced it so many times that I realized that my phone sucks.) Also both sims would show active. 
3. When calling from 1 sim for a bit long, other sim would get disconnect - forget call wait or anything on other sim :P 
 
Giving 2 stars due to hardware, 1 for basic usage. Better get a basic phone like Nokia 1100 or something if you want to call your loved one! 
 
One more thing, the in-call voice quality is not good. Either the audio frequency-range is limited or some spurious echo effect, not sure which one...Phone is worth every penny.I have used this phone for a week based on that i would say that 
 
Hardware 
1) design is very sleek and attractive, 
2) It's weight is close iPhone 
3) Network connectivity is good. 
4) Bluetooth connectivity with nokia headset is not consistent..disconnects for a while. 
5) Battery life is good 
 
Software 
1) OS is very smooth 
2) High end games run like anything 
3) Skype call and video clarity is good on wifi. 
4) Multiprocessing is very smooth. 
5) Songs and movie exp on mobile is very good 
 
Cons 
1) No Memory card support 
2) Camera quality can have been better 
3) There is no USB cable with the mobile. To transfer data to mobile you have to use wifi or google drive or buy from outside. 
 
All is all very good phone to have.phone review ,i give 5 star out of 5 star,with flipkart service 5/5..i bought moto g 16 gb phone last sunday.i booked on 3 march and received on 6 
march.so first of thnaks to service of the flipkart. 
this phone is amaizing.experience: 
moto g ====motorolla + google excellent combination 
phone contain gorila glass----scrach proof 
version ---4.4.2 -----in 18000.00 rs also not contain this android version 
touch------superb touch 
screen---4.5    excellent in working not big not small. 
battery backup is ----excellent 2 days normal use...............goood 
processor ----quard core -----excellent experience 
 
drawback: 
1.it contain only 5 MP .camera result is good but not excellent.but nice....3/5. 
2.it is not contain memory slot......i advice buy 16 gb.........3/5 
 
summary: 
if your budget is up to 20000.00 kindly see this phone it is excellent phone...... 
16 gb ====13999.00 
excellent ---------Moto G - A delight with a tinge of glitch.So it's been over a month since I bought Moto G, on the launch day. Shifting from Blackberry was saddening but this one didn't disappoint me. The KitKat version update after a week was cherry on the cake! The interface and screen resolution makes it great for viewing pictures. Camera pictures can get blurry and shaky if not held strong. There have been a few instances when the camera error occurs, the reason for it is unknown to me till now but I have to restart it to rectify it. The front camera is reasonably fine. The shape is good, easy to hold and type with one hand. Back covers are matte and has a good feel to hold. Battery is just about ok to last for a day with 3G, otherwise, without internet, it can last upto 2 days. Sound is not that good, maybe a 2.5 outta 5. Overall a great smart/touch phone, a perfect alternative for 15-30k phones. Has all the stuff you need.Amazing phone at a amazing price!!!.After using it for over a month I am really satisfied with the phone. 
Apart from its specification here I will tell you the amazing features of this phone and why should you buy it?!! 
 
*Games like Asphalt,real racing, blood brothers and many more high graphics oriented games run very smooth. 
 
*Battery life is very good, its far better than any other brands.Last for the whole day with above average usage. 
 
*5 MP camera is actually a 5 mp camera unlike others who offers 10 or 8 mp at this range which came out to be lot poor in megapixel. And off-course it takes good Facebook/twitter/instagram pics. 
 
*High end features like taking snapshot at any screen,water repellent coating, 326 ppi screen, makes it worth for every penny. 
 
*And lot of accessories are available to choose from. 
 
And for its specifications you people know it better!! :)Amazing phone at an amazing price - for any usage help visit ' Moto G Hangout ;) ' on FB.Used a friends phone for a couple of days &amp; planning on ordering one soon :) 
This device absolutely rocks at this price point &amp; Flipkart service &amp; support is amazing. 
 
The processor is Snapdragon &amp; not Meditatek as in similar priced devices - and that makes a huge difference. 
Colour caliberation &amp; visibilty on the display is First Class. 
Touch is smooth &amp; there are no lags while scrolling between pages. 
 
There maybe a few &amp; very minor issues after the KitKat update, but Motorola is working on it &amp; groups on FB, like ' Moto G hangout ;) ' will help sort them out - so no need to worry. 
 
Motorola could have included better headphones &amp; a quicker charger, but those are minor issues. 
Strongly recommended product &amp; if you get a troublesome handset, FlipKart replaces it immediately, without any questions asked. 
So go ahead &amp; order NOW !The Return of the 'King'!!!.I won't bore the reader with the same old stuff that everyone is writing. I would only suffice to say that I have bought 2 Moto Gs from flipkart...! First I bought on the launch day and after I was happy with its performance I bought the second one. Need I say more? This is my 2nd Smartphone in as many years and I am completely satisfied with the product. 
 
One last thing; the latest Moto G comes with KitKat preloaded, so no need to upgrade over the air unlike the first lots. Total Space available to user in 16GB version is 12.92GB. 
 
Those who are complaining about Moto G having issues with KitKat are probably paid negative reviewers, I didn't find any major issue with KitKat as both my Moto Gs are on KitKat for a while now. And one very last piece of info, voice command search 'Google Now!' (previously seen on Moto X) has arrived as an update on Moto G on 14.04.14. 
 
Cheers!Moto G-Good Budget Phone.Moto G 16Gb is undoubtedly a great buy at Rs14000. Good overall performance- can't comment on gaming performance since I do not play games on phone. This was my first android phone, found it somewhat complex getting used to the various functions. Wife's Samsung Grand looked a little more user friendly, wonder if this is due to the customization by Samsung. While Moto G is a good phone, I found it slightly small for typing, and would suggest a 5&quot; screen, at least for men (bigger fingers). A minor point regarding calculator- there is no percentage button. As a layman, using android for the first time, I would suggest that users should not get carried away by apps and download too many apps. Apps often want too many permissions- access to your various data, including location. Then there are simply too many updates! Every day, lots of updates for many apps, incl games!.Delivery timeline to 14-02-2014 from the earlier 07-02-2014.If delivery timeline changes to 14-02-2014 from the earlier 07-02-2014 for MOTO G 16GB, then why taken orders and pay extra Rs. 90 instead of that we can wait on Feb 13th and place the order, you have to fulfill one day delivery quarRentee otherwise refund full amount with emi chargesJust delivered.So i just got the phone delievered by Flipkart. Prompt service after all the midnight fiasco yesterday. 
 
The first impression of the phone is good. Feels good in your hand, though it is slightly on the heavier side. At 140gm you can feel the weight of the phone in your hand. But what more can we expect from Motorola at 12-13k range. The inbox accessries, are not many. A headset and a charger. 
 
I also ordered the white flip case. It feels okay. I am having some issue getting it properly seated on the phone, maybe I have got a bad case. Would ask for replacement, though I wonder if they have it in stocks. 
 
The UI feels smooth. It is not lagging. I have not tried any games yet. The display is crisp and feels premium.GOOD INSTRUMENT.Ordered it on 21st and received it on 25th of Feb. Great piece of mobile. 
KITKAT is working fine, got updated on the second day and it got updated in an hour. Wifi reception is also wonderful, I use 2 IDs one is mine and the other is my neighbors, so whichever is in range it catches perfectly. 
Found nothing annoying till date. Chatrooms like Whatsapp and Viber are good. 
Camera is ok ok but I use my SLR for photos so no issue, still I got few good pics with front cam also and modified in the camera's software which looks awesome. 
Music player is not so helpful need to download a better player than Google's own player. 
Overall satisfied with the mobile. 
I was using windows and Apple phone earlier, so no issues change in UI. 
Finally need to see after 6-9 months how this piece will be performing. Ever phone is good in the initial stages. Coz even iPhone hangs at a time.MOTO G.I have been facing issues with MOTO G for the last 2 days. when I receive a call neither I nor the caller can hear anything we speak. When I reboot the mobile it works fine for some time. This issue repeated 4 times since last 2 days. Today a new issue cropped up. I am not receiving calls also, however the caller can hear the ring (Caller tune or ring) on the other side but my phone does not ring (No ring tone, no lights, no vibration). I have received a missed call message from my network provider, then I realized this new issue. I have complained at MOTO G contact center. They said they have this issue with some mobiles and they asked me to return the mobile to FLIPKART and get a replacement, however FLIPKART executives me asked to wait till I receive a call back from them. 
 
What if my phone does not ring when they call ........, I will wait for one day and see.Moto G..........the next sensational thing in the market.Placed my order after having gone through almost 500 reviews on 16 feb.....was a bit skeptical about pre-booking it, so opted out for Cash On Delivery....I was in search of good performing and exceptionally awsm looking Android Phone for quite some time now. Researched on Sony Experia C &amp; SP, Lenovo, micromax (was never a samsung fan) but then either they were slightly out of my budget or unreliable in terms of performance (micromax), still i was ready to pay for them untill came the BAAP of all the Androids........MOTO G and yes i was one of those who never thought twice before placing the order. Thanks to Flipkart I got it delivered on 28 feb (the abnormal delay was always ecpected) though Haven't seen my MOTO till now due to some heartbreaking situations :p...will get to see my package within this week and will certainly update my review based on its performance.really awesome phone, truly international.Hai friends. 
     I have been searching the best android phone for two years.so far iam using old java phone, after thorough serarch in internet i stopped at MOTO G, i immediatly ordered for the phone because MOTOROLA is an international giant in manufacturing of hardware and GOOGLE .no need to introduction .... with their collabaration the phone must be the best hardware and software without any second thought i put an order through flipkart.i got this phone two days after i ordered online.i opened the box......i got surprise of its design and stylish look . it perfectly fit into my hand. moreover it comes the specifications of high end phone in just 14k . the phone i received come with jellybean i updated its software through my wifi net and it is working perfectly. NO PHONE COME CLOSE TO BEAT THIS PHONE IN THAT PRICE RANGE..I ASSURE GO AND GET ONE ....Exceptional Phone at Exceptional Price..excellent phone with excellent features: 
 
I have used this phone since few days and writing this review 
pros - 
superb display, visible even in direct sunlight, buttery smooth user interface. 
decent processor and enough RAM. 
Android KitKat out of the box 
decent battery backup of one day with heavy usage. 
excellent camera both front and rear. 5MP and 1.3MP are more than enough. 
dual sim, my at least requirement. 
loads of sensors(Magnetometer, Proximity Sensor, Hall Effect Sensor, Ambient Light Sensor, Accelerometer) 
good speaker sound quality 
USB host/USB OTG/on the go. 
can play Full HD videos. 
 
cons: 
Cannot connect the phone in mass memory mode with computer, but can be connected as media device with windows 7 and above. 
only about 300 MB RAM is left as free out of 1GB. 
no data cable is provided as accessories in the box. 
ear phone is just chaleble. have to compromise.Best Phone under 25k (Except Camera) and 1 bug I am facing.This is the best phone under 25k and the camera is good considering 5 MP (8 MP would be better). Runs any app flawlessly and never hangs. In case of failure in any app it does not hang like samsung but the app turns off (like ios). Only bug I found is IT SOMETIMES STOPS SENDING AND RECEIVING IN CALLS (i.e. NEITHER I CAN LISTEN ANYTHING WHILE IN CALL NOR OTHER PERSON CAN LISTEN ANYTHING) AND IT WILL CONTINUE TILL I RESTART MY DEVICE. 
 
I have deducted one star only for this bug, otherwise this device deserves 5 stars.Exceptional Phone at Exceptional Price.Had been waiting for this phone since it was launched in Brazil. After the launch in Brazil and US the next question was the pricing. But there too Motorola surprised us Indians with this price. As all know this product stocks were not available initially because of high demand. 
And later Flipkart gave an option to reserve the phone and I did. It said the phone would be shipped in 10-20 days. But it was shipped in 2-3 days. And I received it well before expected. Thank You Flipkart for the amazing speed in which you handle things. Good packing too. 
Moto G is really a superb thing to own. Very good performance. No issues of slowness. It gives a decent battery backup of almost 24 hrs with even dual sim and usage of data/wifi. Decent camera too. And the KitKat update had rolled out within days of launch. 
It would be the best phone available in this price range. Go for it.Moto G --- booking delivery discovery.firstly...the booking was relatively simple..as is always 
 
delivery..just that the product was not in stock..once it was shipped out of the sort facility it reached within no time (have had good experience with all my bookings)..so not sure why the reviews written by those who have complain about delivery !!! 
 
discovery..the phone is a black beauty (had booked black of course) and the initial feel is very good..updated to kitkat in no time (within 30 mins of delivery)..it pretty decent rather good compared to the samsung version of the android which we were using..(have similar features as my nexus 5 - wherever applicable) - display also rocks!! 
 
and my wife is happy (had booked for her after persuading her to sell her new lumia 525 which she hardly used for a week- so happy so far with the decision - hope it stays that way)Moto G 8 GB Awesome phone with some stupidity....Hi i got this phone 10 day back.Firstly i would say dont go with the bad reviews for the camera.Camera is more than enough clarity whether clicking in daylight or Night as it has strong flash.I have downloaded Kitkat means got the update very soon but nothing new in it.Battery life and speed of this phone is superb.Screen is very good with gorilla glass 3.Look wise this is just awesome. 
Now come to the cons.You can not believe that you can not share Mp3 or Audio through this phone.This is really ridiculous.There is no option to send audio via blue tooth but you can share pic and video through that.Secondly you cant set any Mp3 as ringtone as there is no option at all.However if you wish to change your ringtone then connect your phone to laptop though data cable (which u need to by separately) and copy the desired file to ringtone folder in it which is really irritating. 
These are the very basis thing which is available even in android 2.3 So grow up Moto Guys.I believe they will fix these issue in near updates(if any)Fantastic phone on such a reasonable price - a Proud Owner.- a phone compassing all you need to have in a budget smartphone. Be its unbeatable crisp clear display or its non-matching processing power. It beats its rivals (of same segment) in almost all possible ways... It's genuinely a phone to stay here for a long run... 
 
Pros: 
Low on your Wallet 
High on its value 
cutting edge software - android 4.3 (ready to be upgraded to Kitkat - 4.4) 
clocking on a much faster processor (1.2 GHz) of the best manufacturer - Qualcomm 
a pretty decent camera (back &amp; front) among its contemporaries 
Good battery backup (a day long) 
Dual - SIM, RAM - 1 GB, Memory : 16 GB (also available in 8 GB) - but non-expandable 
 
You think of all basic necessities of a smartphone, it has got that :) 
 
Cons: 
USB connector is not available with the kit (have to purchase from outside) 
Charging adapter is not a good fit to our electric port. (need some adjustment) 
Back surface is sweating for palms 
feels a little heavier (on just 143 gm) because of its smaller dimension (high mass index) 
Speaker sounds coarse on its higher volume 
Headset of Cheaper quality 
 
But all these come as secondary requirement. 
 
Phone's solid from inside and it's worth a single penny. a must buy of people looking for a budget smartphone!Signal issues, battery last just 8-10 hours, batter taken 2-3 hours for full charge.After upgrading to Kitkat 4.4.2, there are lot of issues with signal, connectivity. Suddenly signal drops and doesn't recover. sometimes, signal strength shown as full but no outgoing. I was advised my MOTOROLA customer support also to return my phone. Please return my money. I have called flipcart customer care to return on 13th night. they said someone from tech support team will call me (ref no 140313041317). But none called me till now. when I called back, they simply said sorry and not sure anyone will call me. Moreover, when I tried to call customer support from my registered mobile, I am getting a strange message that &ldquo;please check the number you have called&rdquo;. When I call immediately from other phones, I am able to connect. I was forced to call from other phone and flipcart customer service is not accepting my version (ref no 140219026631 and 140314039869). 
Bottom line: 
Product is bad. What is the use of phone when signal is bad which is its primary function? 
FM radio is poor. No speaker option. 
Battery backup is bad. Just 8-10 hours it lasts on moderate use and takes 2-3 hours for full charge. When battery is dead, phone may not start immediately. 
Touch response also not great. 
No USB cable. 
Flipcart response is poor. 
Don't go cash on delivery of you plan to pay using credit card. Those delivery guys told that none of their swiping machines are workingMoto G is Worth But Flipkart is Not anymore ... !.== &gt; Moto G is just good for net connectivity and Gaming , that too in a smaller screen ( all touch buttons are on-screen now, So screen accessible area is a bit too small with more black area ) and for Brand Moto ! Stock Android UI Sucks all d way along with 4.4.2 and Flipkart too .... ! 
 
== &gt; Native Video Calling is Disabled , SO 3G Video calling is limited only between 3G data users only with android devices( like hangouts and etc apps) .See Practically my mom is having Nokia c5 nd my bro is with Blackberry so its a real big issue. Its a real big let down... 
 
== &gt; Also I've tried no.of call recorder apps , but none of them work on Kitkat. 
 
== &gt; Kitkat bugs them and at the end we end-up with either an empty folder or an unplayable file. 
 
== &gt; We can feel a vibrate alert over a call attend function , but this option is vanished from Kitkat, So need to hold up the phone over ears or to look it barely till the call gets attend. 
 
== &gt; Developers can break this call recording issues but the Native video calling is what Should have given as a true justice for a real Smartphone ! 
 
== &gt; Kitkat 4.4.2 is buggy in many ways and seems that they r coming up with 4.4.3 
 
== &gt; And FLIPKART become Cheating-Tards for Over hiking and selling Moto G. 
 
== &gt; They given all wrong information when i called them for assistance before placing the order for Moto G, Regarding the availability of native video calling option, I've just asked them, &quot;It is not seen in dialer ( source from some unboxing vids), but is it there in as an any internal option ? (Like one of my previous Celkon mobile) , they put me in hold and went back to their technical team, they conformed that the Moto G has got this option and i can place the order with no regrets, but it is now with full of regrets and issues ! 
 
== &gt; I've called them after getting this mobile and found the option was not there, They tortured me for over a week time and i finally end-up with a Nerd guy and he Confirms that i never called Flipkart over this. They have my Previous day call recordings , and also call recording when i was placing my order thru My Card, but this particular call on which they made their mistake thru their Technical(F**knical) Team, this call is not there.. i.e., I've not at all called them... Adangoth Dei... Thpoo.. 
 
== &gt; Flipkart has not only lost a 3 yrs old Loyal Customer , but also a chain of customers like all my colleagues and my Relative families Etc.. @least U've lost 12 of ur regular customers as a chain reaction only because of your Cheating , Un-loyal and Disgraceful act. 
 
== &gt; @least u would've admitted ur mistake, so that i could've been pleased for my prolonged Seller , But u damn people ... Already u r running in loss if millions and u gonna go further as such in your own way as like this... 
 
GOnna buy Galaxy series From &quot; Snapdeal&quot; Sammy Pulled me back after 2 yrs ! Weldone Sammy and Snappy !Moto g is a pathetic mess.Guys moto g is here! 
Pricing - 12499 for 8gb 
14k for 16gb 
I got hands on this a week ago 
It was from US and my friend bought it from there 
I was kinda excited to see it! 
It felt plasticky and moto logo doesn&rsquo;t look good either the loudspeaker volume was low 
And the most important thing camera was so bad worse than my old lumia 610! 
The Pictures were useless literally! 
I didn&rsquo;t have a single pic on the phone from its camera finally 
Screen was really good and sharp 
It was loaded with kitkat still there were a few minor lags 
I was able to play asphalt 8 without any major lags 
But the camera ruins this phone totally! 
I have both the phones right now in my hands 
Compared to mmx magnus (as a phone) I think I will go for magnus because screen density (ppi) don't matter much 294 vs 319 and also note that it is coming at the cost of size of screen - 0.3inch from moto g 
Dust splash proof really is not a big deal because you won't be throwing your phone anyday in sand 
Now bought by lenovo so no further updates 
Non-removable battery 
Made of cheap plastic 
Moto g actually looks like a toy and feels cheaper than magnus 
The update is just a plus for the Moto G over the magnus 
Believe me moto g is a big deal only outside India where they don't have so much competition in midrange priced phones 
Just get a personal hands on the phone before you buy it 
Or regret laterExcellent phone at an excellent price!!!.This is the best phone at this price point. It is a &quot;no non-sense phone&quot;. All other phones competing at this range compromise something on hardware, but the Moto G is just outstanding in terms of specs and nimble in terms of user experience. Its the Nexus 4's little brother in true sense. There is no doubt that Google has done it again, making other phones making a a run for their money. Once Android 4.4.2 kicks in and ART runtime will boost the Moto G's performance to another level. So happy to have bought this phone. Comparing my Moto G with my Nexus 4 side by side, I hardly see any difference. It is well build and feels solid in the hand and has a premium finish to it which you don't see in phones in this price range. Look at Sam's phone(puns intended). 
Anyone looking for a phone under Rs. 15,000, blindly can go for the G. I highly recommend this phone.Amazing phone for the price.I'm not gonna talk about the way Flipkart handled this because I still think they did a fantastic job. 
Moving on to the phone, I've been using it for 3 days now; if you're looking for a phone which can give you a premium experience for sub-15k, go for it. I've experienced no lag at all, and with Moto Migrate I was able to bring over all of my media and data from my old device. The phone gives an amazing experience for its price range - the display is sharp and bright, the touch is really responsive, and there is no lag at all. 
Reasons for only 4 stars - The charger they've given is really loose and it takes a lot of work to make sure it's charging properly (not much of a problem because the battery life is phenomenal! :) Lasts 1 and half days on a single charge) 
And also, the loudspeakers tend to distort a bit on higher volume.Didnt disappoint.Bought it around a month back for a friend. It does exactly what it's supposed to: deliver a lag-free vanilla android experience with minimal casualties to battery. Lasts for a working day (~15 hours) with mobile data ON. Played a few graphics-intensive games like Dead Trigger 2 on it, and it doesn't lag. 
 
CONS: 
1. Battery drops heavily when playing games. 
2. Call quality a bit low, not as loud as Samsung phones of the same price range (Galaxy Grand I9082) 
3. Heats up when charging (that may be an issue with my particular handset, will get it checked) 
4. Lack of USB OTG. Would have been a boon, given the lack of external memory. 
5. Camera is highly disappointing, has no idea where to focus, and ends up with blurry shots half of the time. 
 
Summary: Great phone for a person new to android, but experienced users should look elsewhere. Recommended at this price point.It is a steal....!!! Great Buy | Great Specs.This machine is for those who are not fascinated by configuration numbers.... this is a good performing devise... made to make you productive and smart. I have been using it for almost a month now.... (i bought it from the first lot) ... and still cant get over with it.... the display makes me stick to it coz of its clarity... almost android experience and 4.4.2 android upgrade makes it a feature rich devise ... One more point... those who are reading this review - i will request you to convert your devices compiler from Dalvik to ART.... which optimizes the performance to one notch higher... and phone becomes more efficient... noticable difference... so use the feature of ART... (google it for more details on ART - Android Run Time... feature of Kitkat 4.4.2 Release.) 
 
All in all productivity booster machine if you know how to use it and what apps to use it with.Best phone under 15k - Period.I had bought this phone for a friend of mine and have no direct experience of using it. 
 
However, from the specs and price point of view, this is the BEST value for money. Period. 
 
Has a very good build quality. It has excellent display (ppi is more than that of iPhone 5S) and with 1GB RAM and Android Kit Kat available, the performance is on par with some of the flagship phones. (Even Nokia Lumia 720 has only 512 MB Ram). 
 
The surprise element I heard from my friends using this phone is the Battery life. It's taking us back to the good old Nokia days.Well that's an exaggeration. But it does have very good battery life and easily comes for more than a day. 
 
One of the blatant cons of this phone is its Camera. It's plain ordinary. The other major con is the lack of external memory slot. 
 
In short, if you are looking for a device under 15k, this is as good as it gets.Value for Buck.Out of nowhere came Moto G and boy it does blow all its competitors away. Great smartphone for the budget conscious Indian consumers. 
 
Pros: 
Great HD Screen. Stunning 4.5&quot; HD display 
Android 4.4, KitKat 
Fast processor. Games run super smooth. I have tested Dead Trigger 2, Subway Surfer, Minion Rush, Riptide etc. All games run in optimum settings with no lag whatsoever 
Quad Core 
Amazing Battery life 
Motorola Migrate - Wirelessly transfer stuff from your old Android phone, or iPhone, to your new Moto G in minutes 
Customisable back covers 
Corning Gorilla Glass 3 
 
Cons: 
No option to put more storage. No option for external SD Card. Personally, I am more than satisfied with 16 GB. 
 
Moto g is more than sufficient for your daily needs. It outperforms all the smartphones in this range and is a must buy product for those who want powerful smartphone within 15K!!!!&quot;The Affordable Beast!!!! Must Have It..Pron- 
1)More comfortable to hold and one can easily operate it with a single hand. 
2)The nano water repellent coating does not allow the water to stick on the surface 
3)Touch is very smooth in fact as good as experienced on high end phones. Color reproduction and viewing angles are very good. 
4)OTG works out of the box. 
5)1.20GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM8226 quad core (cortex A7) chipset with Adreno 305 GPU. The performance is very good and lags free. 
6)Battery life is still impressive. 
There are many other things that make it a very good buy especially the water repellent coating, gorilla glass 3 protection, excellent battery performance and tough build quality. 
 
Cons-No Memory Card Support.(But u do have OTG). SO No Worries Here. 
 
And if you add the brand value and software updates, it definitely worthy.Just Go For it guysbetter than the best....while writing this review,there were already 5441 reviews...!!!so probability of reading my review is less.i booked this phone on 27feb14 and i got it on 1mar14!!!great right....??!! 
i've used this phone for 20+ days ,so i guess i know this phone pretty well.brilliant camera quality.pics and videos both look great.and look of the phone is great.till now i've not used screen guard and believe me there's no single scratch!!.As it comes with kitkat,image quality is pretty enhanced.i wanted to buy windows phone to have a different experience but bought this one.But surprisingly there's a launcher app of windows 8 which you can install and now you have the phone which is android but launcher as W8... 
The only negative thing is battery packup.on heavy usage,this gives 8-10hrs.otherwise this is a great phone.go ahead and buy it....Moto G.There are few points i would like to admit about this product. It's been more than 2 months i am using this product and i have to admit the following feedback about it : . 
 
1. The best part about this product is &quot; Battery Life &quot;. I t will give you ample of time to recharge in case empty-ness of battery and this is the feature of Andrioid KitKat 4.4. 
 
2. Performance is very good.You can perform multitasking without interrupting the other application or services. 
 
3. Camera is good , good quality, Just take picture and than tranfer it computer than compare with other smartphone picture apart from iPhone. 
 
4. A little annoy thing is : it's headset . Fourth Class prodcut if i would like to comapre it than it is worse than 100 rs headset. 
 
5. Overall this phone is good in the price range or in fact it best and comparable with phone range 20 to 25 thousand .MOTO G = Complete Package in my hand.Hi friends, I have just purchased Moto g 16GB, 
I mostly like its gaming and unlimited battery life(min.36 hours). 
 
I played heavy games like asphalt 8 (1.6Gb setup file) and NFS. 
It has great gaming support. 
I like its long battery ,when I charged battery upto 94% complete in morning , 
I have to charge it on next day evening. 
 
It has new camera recording feature ( NOt available in any android of Rs. upto 15000) =&gt; while video recording we can capture pics too, by clicking on the screen. 
 
I got some disappointment with Moto g's CAMERA . It has 5MP camera with Flash but not having sharp and clear images as other mobiles (having 5MP camera.) 
But with the flash Images captured are clear, 
 
Why to buy MOTO G 
- Long battery life 
-Very good performance 
-Gorrilla glass 3 
 
Why to not 
-Camera is not much good. 
 
But I am happy with overall performance of Moto G.Amazing Phone at Superb Price..I bought 16GB version on launch day. Received it in 2 days. 
 
Only after a week - Kitkat OS was released for this phone. Awesome. 
 
No lags &amp; no heating problem while playing Asphalt 8 even at high settings for around 2 hours. 
Yes, Temple Run 1 &amp; 2 , Oz &amp; Brave Runs without any lag. Subway surfers too. 
 
Rear Camera (5 mp) is much much better than i expected. Even Front camera records at HD 720p. 
 
Call Quality 9/10. 
Loud Speaker 10/10. 
 
Scratch Proof Screen and Splash Proof Too. 
 
Thank you Flipkart.Moto G Review.Performance and configuration is good for the price. I just want to explain the issue I faced and the solution. 
 
I faced an issue with BSNL WiFi modem, but resolved myself after some research. which I have explained below. 
 
Problem: 
 
For some reason, my Moto G was not connecting to my WiFi modem, while my other 2 old Samsung devices where able to connect without any issues. Moto G never able to connect either it would say &quot;Obtaining IP address...&quot; or &quot;Connecting...&quot; 
 
Solution: 
 
What I did is in Modem DHCP Server Settings, I have given Existing DHCP fixed IP /MAC mappings. 
 
Ie. for each of the 3 mobile devices I have given fixed IP and mac address mapping. 
 
Ensure the IP address is within the pooling range in DHCP settings. 
 
Now all my 3 devices are able to connect without any issues with the respective IP I have given in the modem settings.Best phone within 10-15K ... :).Hi, 
I had purchased this handset from flipkart. 
It's a phone which has all the features which i needed in my phone and budget ofcourse. 
I have been using this phone from last one month and it's working fine. 
Pros ; 
1. Camera 
2. Latest android version - Kitkat 
3. Screen size 
4. Visibility of screen in sunlight is something which is far better than micromax and other brands. 
5. Front camera works excellent in sunlight. 
Well i m sure there must be some more features which i still need to figure out. 
 
Cons : 
1. No data cable with handset. 
2. Sometimes camera gives an error and to fix that i need to restart my handset. 
3. Sometimes batter shows as 1% remaining although it's 60% and above nut it automatically reflects the correct % after sometime. 
 
Overall : An awesome phone with excellent features at such a fab price as compared to other brands available in market.Best in its class.Got it in like 3 days. Cheers to Flipkart.. 
 
NOw about product. Its excellent.. 
Have been using like a month now but no lags nothing. 
Even dropped it 2,3 times but still no scratch or anything. 
Ran pretty heavy games like 1.5 GB of Real Racing and it ran pretty well. 
 
Camera : I was expecting an average camera as i read from reviews. 
But guys you will be amazed by the quality of the picture it takes. Just a little shutter lag is there so just hold on to it after clicking pic for a second and it even beat my friends iphone 5 (yes i am serious) and Samsung Amaze too(worth Rs 30K) in low light conditions also. 
 
So dont think twice ..but yes I have heard that MOTO G 's more rigid version is also coming to market in some days. Wait for it if you can. it will be waterproof dustproof everything like defy or defy plus. Otherwise go for it..you wont be disappointed.One simple letter on the rubberised back without anything written the front.Yes, it's that simple. One simple letter (M) on the rubberised back without anything written the front. Looks awesome. Also keeps everyone guessing what's the phone ;-). 
 
Regarding flipkart, Fantastic packaging and the delivery was awesome in record time. 
 
Regarding moto g, build quality is great. The back felt a little plastic-y, but the grip is good when you hold it. I like the &quot;almost&quot; stock android and guess what, I got kitkat on it. I got signal drops sometimes, but it's not a problem with the phone, but with kitkat which, I am sure will be taken care by Motorola with an upgrade in near future as they have done in UK and US. The phone's got a good battery life too. I am not a fan of playing games, but tweet a lot. I get almost a day and a half with Brightness auto, Bluetooth, GPS, 3G, wifi as and when required. Overall a great phone to have.Welcome Moto.Motorola d legendary brand dat started d mobile communication revolution has came back to our land n Indians will accept u very warmly since we r nw tired of overpriced smartphones being sold in india by various brands n dat 2 in such a way dat despite d price u pay dere is always something u miss in dat product.. I mean u r always left 2 want more.. no exception 2 dis fact.. Nw only dat Moto G has launched in india wid such GR8 SPECS N SUCH A LOW PRICE TAG..( although it had its fair share of cons n pros) now it seems d price of other brands will reduce significantly n hence motorola is empowering customers. 
 
 Except d camera performance ( pics r less detailed when zoomed n poor lowlight performance) dis phn is absolutely perfect for d price tag. Nothing stands in d competition. 
 
Waiting for Moto X to launch soon.. Wud love to lay hands on its 10 mp camera..Worth every Penny... Actually more than what you would spend on this..!!!.I waited all most a month to write this review.. 
 
So that I would have a perfect idea of its performance.. 
 
Pros: 
1. Excellent performance... 
2. Runs heavy game like Asphalt 8, Enemy Strike, Modern Combat.... U name it.. 
3. There is no better phone in this price bracket.. 
4. Camera is great for daytime shots*... 
5. Battery backup is amazing. It will last a day and a half on moderate usage.. and 1 day with normal gaming and 3G. 
6. Display is the best to any other Device in this Price range 
 
Cons: 
1. Although the camera is great in day light shooting, however indoor light or night mode has some noise. 
2. Should have external storage... 
3. The phone is little on the heavier side and is a bit thick as well.. May be because of the Motorola Grip Cover that I got along with the phone. 
4. NFC is missing. 
 
PS - Go for the 16 GB version... Else you might regret later..ummmm wha to say just waiting .... waiting ......n waiting.hi all, i have ordered two devices with 16 gb on 12feb and other on 15th. still on update ....i request you all please put your order date and receiving date in your review it helps other helpless alot (like me!!!). you know what else can i do except writing these king of reviews !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 
also i know that there is a humble load on flipkart for delivery of this device&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;but can not wait any more 
 
flipkart people &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;do it soon at lest send one unit  !!!!@@@@###I am writting some of the defects of motoG that i have faced on my device.I received my order on 28 feb. and hence forth i am discovering a new problem day by day. 
 
 First of all the charger is very inferior it heated up like a room heater when i charge my device. 
 
The hand set also heating too much even after not doing any activity . 
If i play music or access net it becomes impossible for me to keep this phone in my hand because my hand cant bear that kind of heat. 
 
The phone also hangs (all menu disappear and it shows in different way which cant be recognised ) their names vanishes. 
It also not gives good battery back up.( It hardly last upto 2 to 3 hours when wifi is on from 100% battery to 10 %) 
Till now i have not tried any game on this so can't tell u about gaming experience but you can think if is not working well in simple usages then how one can play games on such kind of device.MOTO G, performance was good..I am happy with MOTO G, features and performance. But I request flipkart to provide more support for 2 things which will help customer and increase the sales for sure. 
 
1. I heard that no service centers are available for MOTO G in Bangalore, kindly arrange few Motorola services centers in Bangalore and spread all over the world. 
 
2. In all the retail shops there is a option to go for insurance (theft or accidental damage) by paying extra Rs. 400 or so. Now a days lots of mobiles are getting lost so try to tie up with some good insurance companies and provide this option to choose insurance. why i am asking you this point is few of friends are not going to buy in filpkart as this insurance option is not available in flipkart. 
 
3. Headset for MOTO G was not good . . :( and no data cable was provided along with mobile box. If possible update these two things.Can't expect better..Screen resolution - Superb. 
Processor - Zabardust, played even PSP games. 
Battery - Atleast 4 hours of continuous heavy gaming. 
OS - Love it best part is voice search is enhanced for our Indian accent. 
Sound quality - I have used sony w810i before so nothing can satisfy me but friends who are using Nokia or micromax or any other appreciate it. So I think its good and very loud. 
But if you are a music lover go for a pair of sony earbuds feels like heaven with those. 
Primary Camera - Decent but not awesome. 
Secondary camera - the best you can expect, saw several phones but this one stands out in terms of contrast and speed. 
 
Now about what I didn't like- Earphone and charger are as cheap as possible, charger went bad on the first overnight charging only. But thanks to the Flipkart they changed the phone in just three days. Love flipkart for their great service.REALLY AN EXCELLENT CHOICE.i really wanted to review this product,that i bought through filpkart.about the flipkart service its definitely a 5 star rating.i booked it on sunday morning and product delivered on Tuesday 11.30 am.i was not expecting that much fast service. 
 
and now about the phone....yes i love it.it excels at every basic point that we generally search for a smart phone.my need was 
1. a good screen size with quality display. 
2. descent gaming performance. 
3. more RAM 
4. dual sim 
5. budget friendly less than 15000/- 
i really donot like to spend more on phone,and yes its a worth buy.for those who want a budget friendly not compromising the the hardware its a blessing.and of course the camera is not that good,but i really donot need camera that much.donot about how to adjust the battery ,when the battery will need to be replaced as battery is not user removable......A great comeback by Motorola to Indian market.This phone has all the features that person looks forward without having to burn a hole through your wallet, have been along time of fan Motorola from the razr to my previous phone XT 910. It it has a solid build quality and is a complete knockdown version of the Motorola Moto X that was launched in USA. blaa blaa blaa 
 
what u what to read is : 
 
CONS 
 
The stuff that you're not really use : 
 
doesn't have NFC (NEAR FIELD COMMUNICATION) 
doesn't have dual band Wi-Fi(AC) 
doesn't have arranged matrix organic display (AMOLED) 
 
Which might bother u some day 
 
Doesn't come with external memory 
The most cheapest headphones That Motorola could find in China. 
The audio drivers are really not that good. If you're a person who listens to a lot of music 
compared to the other budget phones on the market. The camera is not that goodExpected much more....I bought moto G couple of days back.. the delivery was great from flipkat but 2 things that was bad, 1) They dint call me before coming 2) Their executive dint allow me to check the phone first instead ask me to make payment, most of the stores allow you to check the phone, what if there was any fault in the phone. 
 
Now the phone, the quality of the phone is good but the side buttons of the phone are of bad quality. They feel like some second hand used phone buttons. Motorola do not provide data cable which is badddd... the charger quality, headset quality is also bad... In all the phone is good in terms of performance but dont expect good quality accessories. Better option available at this price...Thank you Google and Flipkart.This is my first Smart phone and first purchase in Flipkart. Luckily both are good. I received my order is good condition and inside the package(Moto G) is also better than I expected. 
 
After using for 2 weeks, still I'm feeling this is the best phone this price. 
Video quality, is good. Can record a slow motion video. This is the very good feature which I didn't heard before in any smart phones. 
 
The new version of OS Kit Kat also stunning. 
 
Only drawback is, still I'm not able to get the flip case(Black)Awesome Product within Budget...Far better than Samsung Galaxy Grand..I Brought MotoG on 1st march....I used it for a month and giving this review. 
 
The product is awesome and its key features includes: 
1) Superb touch sensitivity. 
2) High Pixel density..that makes images appears clear than what they are. 
3)The phone never hanged,even doing high level multitasking(Running 15-20 apps at a time). 
4) Great context switching(switches within few milliseconds). 
5)Camera is also upto the mark, lot better than other 5Mp cameras. 
6)OTG is also working Good. 
7)Battery life is also great(For internet users it servers for 20-22 hrs- for non internet users it servers for 30+ hrs). 
 
only considerations in this product is: 
No external memory slot is available(for me 13GB is more than enough). 
 
Final verdict is : &quot;No More Apprehensions- Go For It&quot;. It is product on demand in Market now. Lot better than Samsung Grand and Grand2.great mobile.hi i have been using nokia e72 and a samsung tab 2 and my life seemed ok with both of them ... but with this recent purchase i find it even better as: 
1. the phone has a good camera for regular use great obtions of multi clicks and nice pic quality too 
2. the phone's home screen is very much like samsung tab 2 so was very easy for me operate that 
3. not too mention the return n home key always help 
4. battery back up so far is great works nicely for the whole day with quite a few phone calls and few gaming sessions too 
5. it looks nice the anti grip on the back helps as it does not fall of the dash board of car or from table tops 
 
overall i will rate it as a great one... i know there are still better available but as for a normal not so techie this one is just the rite one at a great price... trust me i also did my bit of homework before buying it 
cheersbest buy, awesome features.This is a power packed phone from motorola, and i have a great experience using this phone. 
 
Best: 
- Mind blowing display with great ppi 
- Battery backup is good lasts for more than a day with avg net,music and calling 
- Sound amplification(speaker) is great, more than any other device in this range but sound quality is average. 
- Gorilla glass and touch: Its simply the best touch experience iv ever had 
 It feels like you are using a very high-end device. Do not ruin your touch experience by putting a scratch guard, Gorilla glass does it all for you. 
 
Con: 
- Not happy with camera, Its fine to have a 5mp camera at 14k, but other mobiles like htc, nokia both with 5mp, has better picture quality. 
- Does not contain USB data cable. 
- No external memory 
 
Finally,If have a budget in range of (13k - 16k) go for moto g. 
Great piece, greate price, great features.Value for Money.First time I used Flipkart to order for moto G and felt most satisfied with the regular updates the site provides. While booking, it did not give the expected delivery date and felt that my order will take much time. But to my surprise, my order is shipped within a week. Thanks to flipkart. Comming to moto G, I always wanted to go for a high end phone with many features (usually, I use my phone only for calls and sometimes for games :-) ) but still wanted a high end phone. One of my collegue suggested me to go for Moto G for which I need not spend much money but get what all I require. With all the reviews I read, now I feel that I had taken a correct decision. Once I use my phone, will provide more review so that some more gets benefited with the actual genuine reviews. Last but not least, thanks to my collegue who suggested to go for this model.Impressed.Okay, where do I start. Looks, awesome. The feel of the back cover just blows you off. The curved design and the &quot;M&quot; indent at the back make it really comfortable to hold. Performance, the bench marks are better than many other quad core 1 gig ram devices. Blows the canvas turbo right out of the water. No lags, MC4, asphalt 8 at highest graphic settings run just fine. I found no faults with the software. The HD screen compensates just fine for the passable 4.5&quot; screen. The camera though is 5 MP, works at par with my last device (the canvas 2 plus A110Q, 8 MP). And the flash is just mind boggling. My only complaint, no extendable memory. If only motorola had included a microSD card slot. Awesome service by flipkart, and an impressive device by motorola. Get the 16 GB version though. I made the mistake of getting the 8 GB. Happy Shopping. :)A review from a defective piece owner.unluckily i had got a defective piece .. problem in voice calls, display, battery and camera error while opening camera. But thanks a lot to Flipkart that they were ready to replace immediately with no difficulties though i used it for 22 days. I see lot of comments against flipkart on similar issues but i can say flipkart is the best as they have listened to customers and improved on it. 
 
Now coming to the product : First thing, the new piece which i have got after replacement has no issues its all working fine .. 
 
Pros and cons can be precisely read from others too. 
 
I would say just go for it without a second thought even if the budget range is around 20K (to have more features) as no other device under this range can beat motog now. :) 
 
Thanks again to Flipkart for having such a nice experience of purchasing.An awesome buy but for the battery!!.When I got this product I found that the charger was defective and battery wasn't getting charged. Flipkart initially dilly-dallied after raising numerous complains [over online chat, calls and mails] and finally said that they will replace ONLY the charger. I was okay with that. However they later called to say that they don't have the charger and so would replace the entire kit. The replaced mobile is working quite fine but the battery drains quite faster and today suddenly the battery went from 89% to 0% and phone re-started. 
 
Pros: 
1. A stunning display at a very economical price. 
2. light weight 
3. apt size 
4. it's awesome to watch movies 
5. Very clear voice 
6. Sturdy build up 
 
Cons: 
1. Battery 
2. Since I text a lot and use the T9 3x3 keypad, I miss the samsung keypad terribly. I have downloaded TouchPal however it's nowhere close to Samsung keypadValue for Money Phone.I was using Samsung galaxy S3 phone before this phone. 
 
Before buying this phone I got feeback from my friends who had already bought this phone. 
 
First thing I noticed after using this phone, there is zero lag. 
 
At times while making calls, phone hangs. This happened to me a couple of times. You have to switch off and start again to avoid this problem. 
 
Video play back is good. For playing music only google play app is there. In built speaker quality is much better than S3. 
 
No file manager is there. But this can be fixed by installing apps from playstore. 
 
Factory earphones are of terrible quality and it pains our ears and feels real cheap. 
 
Phone fit and finish and build quality looks good. 
 
Battery backup is decent and comfortably runs for 1 full day. 
 
Overall I would rate this phone as the best one available in the market for this price range.Hello Moto.Best product in the market today 
 
Using it for more than 3 days now, its really awesome...buying one more for my wife...some of the pros are as below 
 
Display - Awesome 
Sound Quality - Awesome 
Build - Cant get better for budget phone (This phone looks better than Nexus 4 &amp; 5) 
Sound - Awesome 
Functionality - Android 4.4 in Budget phone (yes...thats true) 
Camera - For 5 MP, its more than decent 
 
No Cons at all for this phone 
 
Final Comment --- I was about to buy Micromax Canvass Magnus but then Flipkart announced the &quot;Moto G&quot; launch and that saved me ..... 
 
My Advice for all those people seeking Budget Value + High Performance Phones go for MOTO G...nothing else...dont go for Indian Brands like Micromax, Karboon, XOLO, Lava....they are very bad 
 
Kudos to Flipkart and Fedex for delivering it in 2 daysMoto G Best in Class.1st time buyer on Flipkart.Booked the phone on 1st day itself that too via Mobile .Was really surprised that the order went through. 
Phone was delivered inside 3 days by Flipkart (Hats off for such a pacy dispatchment and delivery of the product) 
Coming to the Phone, It's been a month since I'v been using Moto G and I haven't faced any problem . There is a slight issue with the loss of signal with the Kitkat update but it is for Motorola to solve the problem,otherwise no issues .Special mention for the Snapdrogon 400 Processor which is performing exceptionally well along with the 1GB RAM and never lets you feel it's lagging somewhere . 
 
Just 1 regret though ,Flipkart should have kept the stocks of Grip shells and changeable covers in abundance .It's been a month still no signs of the add-ons.Please look into it.MOTO G review by RS.First of all , kudos to flipkart the shipping was on time and in a good condition. I have taken some time before i wrote this review. First of all the mob gets five star considering its price and the feautures it provides. The resolution is spot on together with the curves at the back of the mobile. Now performance wise, lets began with the calling and receiving, no problem whatsoever..the rear camera sucks in poor light condition, day time can be said better. The device tends to get hot after a constant use of say 2-3 hours. The battery life is said to be better which of course can be said to be true to some extent however on normal usage it tends to last for 24 hr. moreover the device has a lot of apps which i am quite wont b used at all. Conclusively can be said to be a 4 star phone. 
For ppl, stil in the confusion state..this is the best u can getPocket mein Rocket.This phone is really pasia vasool. 
There are few issues too: 
1. notification light not working: motorola has an app for it on play store, but that too didn't seem to work for sms, or missed calls. Finally installed &quot;light flo&quot;. Now its working fine. But LED is not RGB, so don't expect multi color light for different notification. 
2. 3G only on sim 1: I didn't read manual came along with phone. Tried with 2 3G sims, but only sim 1 has 3G. For other you will get 2G only. 
 
Audio was crisp &amp; clear. Didn't use earphones yet. 
Camera is OK. 
Display is Super. Can read text even without my spectacles. 
Battery lasted more than a Day for me. Tons of tips and apps available to save battery. 
 
Overall very good performance. 
 
Still waiting for Flip covers to be in stock. Not much choice available at present. 
 
Hope KitKat update will be available soon.Best Buy!!! its just like getting a lottery.i got the cell last week, very good packing thanks to flipkart! 
It has Android 4.4.2 fom the box itself, so dont worry on how would you update it. 
built quality is Superb!!! 
Now comming to hardware.. as we all know it has 1.2GHz snapdragon 400 processor along with 1Gb ram and in addition to that the ardeno 305.. which makes the cell so powerful.. that it is as smooth as velvet in terms of use. 
i have already played GTA: Vice City, and FIFA14, which runs absolutely perfect, no frame lag, no stucking nothing to b worried of. 
. 
now as a matter of fact it is Motorola product, many people are worried of the SERVICE, 
But i assure u that this product is so reliable that no need to worry o not buying it due to that reason... 
. 
atlast, i would say, the TWO MAIN REASONS to buy this cell are, 1: BEST PERFORMANCE AND QUALITY. 
2: DOESN'T HARM YOUR POCKET AT ALL :PBest budget mobile!!.Hi, 
I bought this mobile having used Samsung Galaxy SL for two years...it is quite sturdy, looks good in d hand, got a nice touch and feel to it,d touch response is quite good, the speaker is really loud, battery backup is quite superb but they r undetachable, the display is superb with d 329 PPI, plays 1080 pi videos without lags, camera is really descent too for d price v pay, no lags d processor is quite cool, multiprocessing can b done with ease, I faced issues earlier making calls..now its solved...the box doesn't have a USB cable, charger getting heated up r some complaints I experienced and heard from my friends... But u must go for it if u budget is 15000 and below... Arguably d best in d market..Pls call flipkart and get invoice to claim for warranty in d future as d box doesn't include that as well :)Camera error and also when playing games performace is not soo good, sound quality is very poor.The mobile looks great for the price range. 
But I have been receiving Camera Error and I have to restart the Mobile and after some time we get the message again. 
 
The picture quality is also very bad. 
The performance for browsing is good. 
But while playing some android games it just loading the game and not opening. 
I needed to restart it again. 
 
So, if you need a mobile with good features and if you are ok with not playing more games and if you are also ok with poor camera you can buy it. 
 
The Sound quality is worst. 
And after using sony mobiles this looks to be the worst mobile. 
 
The Led light for charging doen't flash when charging and also it does not show how much % is charged... 
 
I have created a request for flipkart as its just 10 days old mobile. 
Hopefully I will get a positive response from them .Honest Review Of MOTO G.First of all I am already having moto g US GSM version and the only difference is that india version is a dual sim phone. 
The main Pros are : 
Very handy phone, Good Camera in Day , quad core 1.2 with GPU for gaming, smooth performance , 1GB RAm and HD screen 4.5&quot; 
 
I have installed almost all HD games like GTA 3, Asphalt 8, FIFA 2014,, all running like butter. 
 
Some Cons: 
1 .A memory card slot will be good to store movies 
2. Camera sensor is 1/4 inch so can better 
3. Camera button will be useful. 
4. Transfer of company to Lenovo must not have been done. 
 
But as far as rate is considered , Its the best phone with good Specs and motorola itself is a very well known and one of the oldest company, So I Can say u can grab the deal.Rightly said as the Poor Man's Nexus.It seems Google &amp; Motorola's marketing strategy &amp; pricing policy has the done the trick this time. This amazing little device gives the best value offered to investment ratio. Design is sleek, build is sturdy &amp; resembles like the Nexus 5 in looks. 
Special mention for the Corning Gorilla Glass 3 feature which is 40% more scratch resistant than Gorilla Glass 2 &amp; is mostly seen in high end mobiles. 
Best thing about Moto G is it's price, prior to it's release it's expected market price was around 15k. 
Motorola knew that if they position it's price strategically then the Indian middle class consumers would jump to buy it &amp; that's what has happened on the launch day. 
I have been using it for the past 3 days and I find no problem with the phone whatsoever. There might be some small bugs/problems which would be fixed by the Kitkat update.Awesome phone.I obviously do not need to explain how good the phone is. Its there on the web everywhere. At this price point, you cannot get anything better. I just received my device today and its insanely fast and smooth so far. I hope it stays that way. The display is just awesome, its probably better than what I have seen on the Nexus 4. I was waiting for this device since November and I am glad that I waited and did not go for some other device. The build quality is premium. The audio volumes could have been better but I don't think I can complain at this price. While people have been claiming the camera is below average, it seems average to me at the moment. In short, I am satisfied with what I got for the price I paid. I probably would have got a device better than this only after shelling additional 10k bucks or so.BEST Phone . Forget what it doest offer..What makes the Moto G special is the fact that it is one of a very small number of devices running the latest version of Android, and one of the only ones priced this low to be doing so. 
 
The Moto G scores heavily in terms of style and substance, and my only major quibbles are the non-expandable storage and below-par camera performance and crap headphone.. The 4.5-inch HD screen is wide, and yet the phone is small enough to hold in one hand and type easily with a thumb. Most of all, praise be, the Moto G is also extremely affordable. 
 
This phone is definitely aimed at price-conscious Indian smartphone buyers, and its array of colorful back shells will attract the style-conscious as well. Yes, it isn't perfect, but it isn't meant to compete against the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S4, HTC One or LG G2. At its price,i am willing to overlook its faultsBest Android Phone ever?.It is the best you can get for 14k. Total bang for your bucks. I got Kitkat 4.4.2 with the phone. The display is crystal sharp and colors so damn good that you would wonder....what's the catch? Gorilla glass for this price is just too good to be true. But it is. The battery works for nearly 2 days on a single full charge. There is no swipe-lag or delay in opening of apps. This phone has iPhone-like experience. Google has done wonders to this phone without being cocky :-) 
The only 2 problems I had faced were 1. USB cable does not come with the box. So I had to use other USB which works on some computers and doesn't on some. 2. There is no inbuilt File Manager/ File Browser so I had to download third party app from the store to edit files/folders in the memory. 
Buy this Moto G if it fits your budget and if you are in for a splurge then go for Moto XAwesome.I have bought this phone and it was delivered very quick. I have been using this phone since one month and there isn't any issue or problem here. it was updated to android KitKat out of the box. 16gb is enough for installing enough apps and games u want. I have played asphalt 8 dead trigger 2 brotherhood of violence front line commando 2 and there is no lag. it plays pretty smooth and benchmark results is company able to galaxy S3. the only problem I had was changing to 3G network as there was no direct mode for changing to 3G mode as it can be chose to only preference but don't worry u can change it by dialing *#*#4636#*#* and u can select the phone information and change the network mode to WCDMA only. don't try to change the other setting as u might mess up the system settings. I should say its the best budget phone u will ever get. go for it.Hands down, the best VFM phone around.I've generally had pretty bad luck with phones - Used a terrible Samsung for a couple of years that put me off the brand for life, then a tryst with the Blackberry that served its purpose, but soon outlived its usefulness. HTC was the biggest disappointment. Bought the Desire V with great expectations but was badly let down. 
 
Approached buying the Moto G with great trepidation, but all my fears have been allayed. This is a MAGNIFICENT phone - I'm no tech expert so from a layman's perspective, the phone is frighteningly fast, incredibly smooth and the call quality and data access is unbelievably good. The display is sturdy (Gorilla glass) and the screen is super responsive. Google's really gone all out...this is a fully loaded machine! The voice recognition is out of this world 
 
IMO, this phone is going to revolutionize the mobile market in IndiaExcellent phone with Awesome price..Motorola had lost its place in the market over time but came back with a bang when it launched the Moto G, a great device at a budget price. I purchased this phone from this site last month. I am using the Moto G as a primary smartphone for a month now, has been nothing short of a revelation. For doing most of the regular tasks, the Moto G does not feel as if you are using a budget smartphone. Watching videos on its 329ppi display, browsing the web with its HSPA+ connectivity (most phones in this price range top out at HSPA) or just the build quality of the phone makes it feel more premium than phones priced much higher. 
 
Much of it, 2 days back, accidentally my phone dropped in water tank. I was amaze to see that after taking it back from tank. It is still working without any lag. Thanks to nano coating. Thanks to flipkart for speedy delivery.Hey Guys.. amazing phone.. just amazing.. its like finding your techy android soulmate..I waited in india but couldn't get it. so got it from US. but this phone is superbly amazingly awesome. 
why? 
pros: 
1.Google phone (turn it on connect it to wifi and its 4.4 kitkat) 
2.there are no phones for this price with so hot specs 
3.this is branded moto unlike china rebranded micromax, karbon or panasonic(all good phones but my moto g is awesome). 
4.you can never get tired of the hd display 
5.way too better than samsung (trust me i have used grand quattro and b4 that S3 hated them after 3 months of use) 
 
Cons: 
1. google sold moto to lenovo :( 
2. in low light photos are no good but with flash they give ok quality (what the heck its just 14k guys who cares) 
 
I give 4.5 stars for the 1con on google selling it to lenovo as moto is no more a google company. but man i love moto. this is superb phone. ma next phone is definitely nexus 5 or moto X.Awesome phone...Worth buying....Got Moto G on fourth day of placing the order. Flipkart has done a good job.The phone is very handy.fits well in my hand.I am not going to use a flip or some other cover.Corning Gorilla glass at the front and rubber coated at the back side.Totally scratch free...Performance: It keeps pace with your mind.... much faster compared to other Android phones of its class and price... Battery lasts for one full day on 2G always on and normal calling, browsing etc. that's enough.Camera is the USP of Moto G...! awesome photos.You can just keep your large point and shoot or even SLR off at home when going out.This will do.You can even select point of metering and focus anywhere within the frame.Gives out frames comparable with most of the point and shoot cameras and even SLR..! some pics i've taken are having good depth of field too....Overall, its value for money gadget.. just go for it.....!It is like DIAMONDS at the price of PEARLS!!.If u want to get the NEXUS experience or BEST ANDROID experience-THIS IS THE PERFECT BUY. 
1)Kitkat(ANDROID 4.4.2) update is available as u connect to interner. 
2)Screen is Crystle Clear and just one word AWESOME. 
3)U will be provided with a paper regarding the info of all the service centers in ur respective STATE. 
4)OTG compatible. 
5)MOTO CARE-It will diagnost ur phone and any error will be send to Motorola. 
6)Battery is enough for 10hours continuous WiFi usage.(MY experience). 
7)Buy 16gb rather than 8gb to get the best out of play store. 
8)Design is best compared to homogeneous designs by SAMSUNG. 
9)All the games(Asphalt8,Injustice,NFS;Most wanted) work fluently. 
10)GOOGLE NOW is the best. 
         -OVERALL just order it now- 
THE tag line for this phone-&quot;The best of ANDROID in a Smartphone(BELOW Rs.20,000).&quot;Moto G - Exceptional Pricing.After 1 month of usage i am writing the review - the phone looks good on processing speed, video, high end games, display etc the most important of all - Flipkart has started shipping with Kitkat which is great. The Camera Quality is a bit average as many of them already reviewed it. The battery is a big let down as it dries up soon if you access Wi-Fi or 3G (also it is a dual sim), as is the case with most android phones. But on the whole this is a good budget phone in the giant market segment of 10k-15k. Anyone who has an idea to buy google nexus should seriously consider this phone as nexus is over priced in India by about 7 - 8k. I am not writing about support as I have not encountered any problems so far. So people who are concerned about support should do some analysis on the support centre facilities available in their respective citiesBest Affordable phone with Latest Technology.HI All, 
Its been almost a week I am using this phone..Only one word for this phone - AWESOME. 
Its fast , nice battery, camera is OK OK. 
there were many games I couldnt play on phones having 1 GB RAM (Samsung Galaxy Core), However I could play these high graphics and RAM requiring on MOTO G viz, Asphalt 8, Six guns, Dead effect. 
But one thing I didnt like about this phone is the Battery. It takes atleat 2 to 3 hours to recharge it and less storage (16/8 Gb- are you kidding me???). 
In nutshell, I liked this phone. 
 
Pros - 
* Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 
* 1GB RAM 
* 50GB google Cloud (Hilarious !! who uses Cloud in India when ppl have less access to internet, though its good for interner users) 
* Android 4.4.2 out of the box 
* Dual Sim 
 
Cons 
* Average Battery life 
* Average Camera 
* Less Storage (Very impt!! why cant they make 32/64 GB phones)Awesome Phone.I got this phone after 10 days of order. Its a awesome mobile phone 
 
1. Screen Resolution is best thing which this phone have. 
2. Touch is so smooth. 
3. Battery backup is pretty good. No need to worry about battery drainage. 
4. Camera is Good. Its quality depends on whether u r using it correctly or not. I have compared it with samsung mobile cams n both are of equal quality. 
5. Touch and Hold during capturing image will shoot multiple images . Fast shutter Speed 
6. Mobile speed is awesome.No Lags 
7. 16 GB phone is recommended because 4 GB is reserved for System 
8. Pen Drive can be accessed using OTG cables. But Hard Disk without Power chord cannot. 
9. Earpieces are not of good quality 
10. Phone speaker are good but device sound is too loud which effects sound quality. Better to listen on low volume. 
 
I am fully satisfied with this phone. :)Go for it!.I ordered MOTO G - 16gb and as expectd got it exactly on time. 
I was using samsung galaxy core earleir which again had got from flipkart for 13000. 
By paying 1000 extra what I got : 
Quad core processor 
Gorilla Glass. 
Graphics - adreno305 
16gb inbulit storage. 
329 ppi pixel density screen. 
latest android-- KITAKT 
What I lost : 
Expendable memory slot 
removable battery. 
 
About the preformance... Till now I hvnt faced any lag.. i am able to play heavy games like subway surfers and asphalt....without any lag 
Picture quality is also better then the galaxy core ....both have same 5 MP camera. 
Screen is very smooth and touch feels awesome. 
Mine is the Black one...and the look is also stunning. 
So I would say go for it... you wont get all this in 14000.... not even in 20000 if u go for a brand.its fully loaded.Amazing Phone,In this segment..As per my uses and expectation from my Moto G, I have no words to explain my wonderful experience with my soul mate Moto G. I was eagerly waiting for it after ordering on launch day and get it within 2 days. Moto G from Google and Motorola really a nice buy rather a must by cell for those who are expecting a lot from from budget smart phone. Mark my words, You will not find better than this with trust of Google. 
 
Where i am happy with distributor/seller's services in terms of product quality and delivery, little bit disappointed with flipkart as they didn't provide me option to buy Flip case later on even though they were out of stock on launch day. I also want to know how to avail that extra benefits flipkart was giving to customers, who bought it on launch day. If anyone know it please help in this regard. 
 
Happy Customer..! 
Thanks Moto G.Review after using it for 45 days.This is a awesome product at this price. Full Google support is visible while using &amp; features which only high-end phones can have. Before buying I even spoke to the customer care centre, whether I will get support for Moto G, to which the answer is Yes, only we should have original invoice copy. Camera is also quite pleasant for its 5mp. It does not boast for more pixels like in karbonn but quality is extremely poor. the built quality is extremely well &amp; very stylish to hold. I got much appreciations after making this wise decision to buy this mobile. Its a true gaming machine, even Frontline &amp; other high graphics games play like smooth butter. In total I have installed around 110 apps &amp; games for my different uses and still the mobile works quite well &amp; never got slowed down...A must buy.Well I was planning to buy nexus 4 but I was short on money. Then I heard about this beauty getting launched in US. Well I am a big fan of Motorola as my previous Motorola set served me well without any head ache for 5 years. And with the specifications they were offering and at such a cheap price I knew this was the device I was waiting for. Well I bought it on launch day and got it by Monday, from there on I m using it. Believe me it is a true beauty in all way.Be it battery or multi tasking or call clarity or pretty much everything. 
 
And one more thing ,upgrade it to KitKat as most of the problems are resolved there like USB otg, notification light and many more. 
 
With the price and specification offered,I believe moto g is truly a smartphone not a laptop. Nothing more nothing less just perfect. That's why it's still out of stock. 
CheersExceptional Phone. Exceptional Price. Exceptional Delivery..It's a Super HIT success in India!! cheers Motorola! cheers Google! (though, no cheers on the take over by Lenovo :| ) anyways, 
Awesome product 5/5. Absolutely NO CONS at this price range!! 
Those who are still bothered about whether it would be a good buy, just blindly BUY this (keep in mind that this phone SOLD OUT within hours of release, thrice! that itself speaks a lot about the quality). 
Surely, exceptional delivery by flipkart (Although I had to keep myself awake just to order the product; I knew it would be sold out within hours :P ...feel sorry for those who were unable to do so). Ordered the product on 6th 00:10hrs and was delivered before the expected date on 8th. Hats off.Not So good Phone.I have bought this phone and have been using for almost a month now. 
I must tell you that this phone has a serious hardware problem. The phone looses the range in regular interval. You might be wondering why people are not calling you but I found that this is mostly because of the phone. I did confirm this fact and I have 3-5 people who are using this phone which are facing this serious problem. Sometime phone hangs and calls cut down. 
I would be cautious to by this as I &amp; my friends does not have very good experience with the phone even though phone has all the feel good effect. 
I have also gifted this phone to someone and its really irritating to hear back negative comments from them. 
Spec wise this phone is good and I feel even the interface is good but Network issues really a dis-appointer.Mean multi tasking and intelligent phone.Ever ever since i bought this phone I had been glued to it for one reason or the other. My phone is always on WiFi or 3G. Some of the apps that I use very frequently are my email accounts, Calander, Google search, Google Now, Hangouts, Whatsapp, News, Maps and Translate. Moto G assist is a cool feature that surprised me. My children play with translation endlessly! With all this going on I never had the need to charge the phone midday. Charging had only been during the nights. All in all I had been using the phone as an efficient communication device and I am happy to say that it has not let me down. I took a torquious color flip on the first day offer and its been adding a touch of glamour so to say. My friends envy the 2 shirts that came free from WS retail. Great job making this product and choosing Flipkart-WS Retail as retail partner.beast phone least price...I bought moto g for my dad and after using it for a day i must say i regret purchasing my nexus 5 for 33k. This phone is just super awesome for an average user. 1) It has great battery life approx 2-3 days of light usage and still had 25% remaining.2) Excellent bulid quality i.e the phone has weight and feels sturdy also it is water and dust resistant. 3) Beautiful display- i thought that the display of moto g might be average but i was completely blown away with the display quality motorola has offered at such a good price(screw samsung). 4) The speaker is loud and clear and kitkat os works like a charm. All in all a great value for money phone at an awesome price. I would also urge people that instead of buying an overpriced samsung or a low quality micromax, intex, or lava please please go for moto g. U won't regret it. Thanks motorola.Only pros..no cons whatsoever !!!.I have been using this phone for over ten days now. 
The screen is by far the most outstanding feature of this phone. Watching HD videos is a bliss. 
Gaming performance is awesome. 
I heard people complaining about the camera.I say they dont know how to use it.It works wonders in normal daylight.And in low light conditions...it does the best job among other 5MP camera phones that I have used.It would be better if you use an app like Candycam with it for best results. 
The 16GB(12.92GB) memory is enough.Memory management and apps like Clean Master is the key. 
No lags in touch responsiveness whatsoever. 
Even if I fail to charge the phone daily, I get a backup of 1.5 days with a medium to high usage. 
Make full use of 50GB drive storage. I have transferred and backed up most of my content on cloud storage. 
 
Overall : A BIGGG THUMBS UP !!! CHEERS !!The Moto G is a solid, no nonsense handset, it's not fancy but it's not ugly either.Still the best budget smartphone, the Moto G is an incredible bargain that punches well above its weight. Google has long had its Nexus-branded handsets, but these were made by other manufacturers and at just one high-end handset a year, mainly sold SIM free, they weren't exactly mass market. In comparison Samsung released 20 handsets worldwide in 2013 alone. 
Motorola has left Google's OS, largely untouched, just adding a couple of useful features and tweaking the camera app. The Assist app makes your phone more intelligent, for example you can set the hours you usually sleep for and the phone will automatically go silent, or only allow favorite callers, or those who call twice in succession through. It will also go on vibrate if you have a meeting in your diary. Both could be useful, though they're still a little inflexible for our liking.Worth for 14K Rs. Sleek super fast Phone with very issues to report..Here is my review on Moto G in one sentence. Sleek super fast phone with pure google android with very few issues to report. 
 
Pros 
------- 
Gaming on the phone is excellent. Tried Asphalt 8 (which is very GPU and CPU intensive game), and it works great. Here is the video http://youtu.be/47ROCcn7_aU 
Great Display 
Fast navigation across menus. 
Browsing is very quick. 
Applications launch real quick. 
GPS works great. 
Speaker volume is adequate. 
Phone voice clarity is good. 
Great looks. 
 
Cons 
------- 
Camera is ok when lighting is good. Else average. 
Battery is life average (one day) with 3.5 hours screen on time. 
When you use it with 2 sims, on the primary sim if you try to enable 3g it goes to 2g always. Work around is, disable 2nd sim. On primary sim enable 3g and then enable 2nd sim back. 
Charging time is more. May take 2 hours to full charge.Highest end-budget Phone..Ignoring the initial fiasco, it has been a very good purchase so far. 
 
Regarding Phone: It has killer specifications, available at a jaw dropping price. 
Pros: Brilliant display, excellent battery backup, smooth UI, KITKAT upgrade runs very smooth, speaker volume and quality is superb. 
Cons: Slightly sluggish call quality. 
 
Overall this is a brilliant phone to own, and Motorola has made no compromise on quality (clearing any speculations on the quality v/s price). This could just turn out to be Motorola's game changing deal (for the Indian Market). 
 
Regarding Flipkart: I got my phone after 10 days of pre-booking it the 7th of February. It was shipped brilliantly. Sadly one of the bundle cords was not working, but thumbs up to Flipkart as they resolved the issue with 24 hours. 
 
-- 
Indeed a very happy customer. Pleased to own a Motorola.Awesome Smart Phone.after i bought this product on 1st day itself, after using i have already suggested five of my friends to buy and they had also bought from flip kart. Thank you Flipkart. 
 
About this product : 
Pros: 
Mobile configuration with this price range 
 
Camera features, image quality is better than ok. 
 
Compatibility with Latest android build version 
 
Additional features (notification light, voice control etc.) for a smart phone with 15k range 
 
Excellent Graphics and processor, as i have installed many games, all are working smoothly. 
 
Cons: 
 
Headset looks cheap but as per usability it's pretty good. 
 
i have compared Nokia 720, sony SP . though pixel wise moto g seems better than nokia 720 but same quality video looks better in Nokia 720. 
 
Conclusion : if your budget is 20K even, without thinking Go For Moto G (16 GB) . and i am a happy customer. :)DEFINITELY the best at the offered price.I ordered the phone after looking at the hardware specs. Great hardware for such low price I wondered. It also had dual sim plus a good secondary camera. The flipkart experience in ordering the product was great. 
On unpacking the product, the product met its expectations. Smooth functioning, no lags at all. The phone is good looking too and the weight makes you feel that you are holding a solid phone. With the Motorola Migrate application everything from your old android phone can be easily brought to the new Moto G. 
The camera is good and it would be wrong to expect much more than a 5mp at the offered price. 
 
What this product doesn't offer is a data cable. 
 
And now that Motorola is taken over by Lenovo, its my concern about getting the timely Android updates which I was pretty sure about when Google owned it. 
 
Go ahead buy the product !!Phone worth double its price...I got this mobile within 1 week of my booking it on flipkart... 
The phone looks gorgeous in its black avatar. The gorilla glass and back cover made of rubber material is great. Phone feels good in your hands. 
The screen is awesome.. great colors and sharpness. Normal eye cannot differentiate much bet 720p and 1080p on sub 6 inch screens. 
Phone does not lag at all. Played fifa 14 and other high end games. 
U get 12gb of internal storage and earphones are pathetic - made of hard plastic which donot fit in your earlobes and look cheap are the only drawbacks. 
Its the best phone(worth for the money) u can possibly buy in the market right now. 
why spend 30-40k on some other mobile which are just marginally above this phone on features and hardware. 
Got A - 4.4.2 update immediately :) 
Go ahead and book it.Satisfactory Phone at 12k.....The phone is cool. i loved it. As it has a very good features and at this price range its like next to impossible. But Seriously after using it for like 15 days i m satisfied. But the only issue is the headphone which they have given is crap. Secondly they don't have any dedicated music player for the handset like we get in Samsung or Sony or Nokia. Still trying to learn new features and experiencing new things in it. 
They given features like Moto Migrate which transfer your other android phone data to your Moto g its seriously awesome. It didnt had to take pain by attaching one phone after another to my laptop to transfer all the data. 
Second they have feature called Assist that is also cool bcoz i need not have to to remember when keep phone at silent mode and when to keep in general mode. 
 
All n all a satisfactory phone at 12 k...Believe the Hype.I have used MOTO G for a month and what reviews showed here in FK is absolutely right and helpful. it feels good in hands , is really fast . i have tried more than five of hd games with intensive graphic never gave a glitch. 
Today my moto g just hang i was not able to switch it off with power button neither cant remove the non removable battery , i was receiving calls was not able to attend it was stuck on lock screen .IF THIS HAPPENS TO ANY OF THE FRIENDS DON'T PANIC JUST HOLD THE POWER BUTTON AND VOLUME DOWN KEY FOR TEN SECOND IT WILL PERFORM A FORCE REBOOT . THIS SOLVED IT FOR ME WORKED FINE AND NO DATA WAS LOST . HOPE THIS HELP SOME BODY . CHEERS MOTO G ROCKS ALL THE WAY .Awesome-ness Lies in Roots :v :D.First Of All I thank Flipkart to deliver Moto G to my doorstep so soon ! I was expected this phone to be deliver in March but got the phone in 9 days itself ! :D #lucky_though ! 
Guys About Phone , It is in good quality , no scratch ,no parts misplaced , nothing !! A geniune product ! 
I should not say +ve of this phone as All knows it ! 
Con's I faced were ! 
1. I dont know how to remove the Company label (M) on the phone . It look really weird ( shit ). [If anyone know to remove please do contact me on : praveshj@mail.com] 
 
2 When I connect the earphone provided to phone , It rings both on phone as well as on phone's speaker ! 
 
3. Camera very descent ! :( 
 
Well other everything is fantastic !! :D 
And guys be patience ! Dont cancel your orders ! Its on &quot; first come ,first get &quot; basis ! Wait and you get the fruitful results !MotoG usage experience.The phone is simply amazing and worth the price! 
Some of the many advantages: 
1. All tech specs are up to the mark and very desirable. 
2. All cool features from Google. 
3. Nice camera output. 
 
Some of the cons: 
1. Battery dies soon even if I am not playing any games on a particular day and display and brightness adjusted; with about 100 MB of net surfing and maximum 30 minutes of calls in a day, I have to charge my phone at least once in a day. 
2. Screen Auto rotate doesn't work fine at times. 
3. Camera output is not good in dim lighting - although the phone gives very good options for editing - which is satisfactory. 
 
Rating it 4 on 5 because of the issues mentioned, otherwise, it's a 5 ! :-) 
Overall experience with the phone: Exceeded expectations and very happy with the Flipkart delivery and discounted price for an extra back cover.Its a Game.You guys dont fell in there trap, they will play business games at you.. Keeping sold out will increase sales of 8gb product.. Wait a while u will see 16gb available in less than a day.. 
 
No need to hurry this product is not an One day product..A great phone superbly priced.I will not do lots of technical eval as you can find that by many expert reviewer. So I will rate my experience purely user point of view- 
- As usual super fast delivery from Flipkart. We kind of started taking it for granted but I would like to give full marks to Flipkart for its services. 
- Look of the phone is 30K plus, it can give run to those devices. 
- A little heavy but feel good in hand. 
- Within days we got the option to upgrade to Kitkat. 
- Speed of the device is superb, you will never feel the lag. 
- Battery life is whole day with all the apps and lots of gaming. 
- You can not miss anything as you are on latest Android version. 
I bought this phone for my wife and she is truly liking it. I would say if you are looking for well priced, well built phone with features which is no there inawesome phone...... amazing features.Just wanna say one thing....... this phone gonna be legen.... wait for it.....dary. The actual thing is it has already became a truly benchmark phone at this price range. What a phone moto has made.... truly amazing phone. You can see the specs above but here are some things that amazed me about this phone... 
 
first---&gt; Great build quality. Better than samsung galaxy phones of this range. 
2nd---&gt; Smooth operations. The processor is really fast and almost no lags during the operations. 
3rd---&gt; The display. Amazing clarity and colors. Thumbs up for that. 
4th---&gt; Gaming and music experiences are also good. 
 
So, in conclusion I just wanna say one thing.... Just go for itwhat a Mobile !!.I was waiting for a long time to upgrade to android from simple samsung mobile. I just recieved moto g today. It is a very good mobile with superb display and voice. Box is now coming with seal from motorola (earlier no seal) . Plus kitkat 4.4.2 is coming pre-installed with it so no need to worry about upgrading... and it is working fine..not used OTG functionality right now...packing box is too small compared to what it is visible on utube videos....Now that moto g has become a bumper hit in INdia ...I hope motorola should pay heed to opening of more and more service centers in near localities so that customers do not face any problem. If Motorola is to increase its business in India then pay attention to service centers...you have set standard for what a mobile should be at reasonable price !My First Android..!!.I rushed back from Office after a long day of work that too on a saturday when i heard my Moto G got delivered, cause it was a big struggle in buying the phone the first place. 
 
At first look: 
 
* The package was very small. would say the smallest smart phone mobile packaging. 
* All reviews said that Moto G is shipped only with a USB Cable, but the Indian version has both Charger + Handsfree. A big Thumbs up for Motorola. 
* The phone booted with 30% battery remaining and a pretty fast boot. 
* The phone is shipped with Jelly Bean, expecting the Kit Kat update soon. 
* The form factor of the phone is really good with a premium look unlike its competitors. 
 
I was previously using a windows phone, wish the migration would be smooth. 
 
If anyone is looking for a smart phone below 15K, Moto G is the best in terms of quality and specs.Colossal calibration problem.the phone in general gave me a good value of my money. works fine most of the times. but the biggest problem is with the calibration (i suppose). each time I try to connect my MotoG with my laptop or desktop for USB tethering the charge drops down to 0% (from even 100%) and shuts down. I have repeatedly complained about the same to Motorola (through calling and posting in the Motorola online forum). I even called Flipkart several times but to no use. Though I should also mention that Flipkart gave me a new set which also have the same problem. One more thing - the phone unexpectedly creates a lot of problem in running a simple middle-end game like Angry Birds Go (hope one gets the idea). I am hoping that Motorola comes up with a solution soon as the battery problem seems to be happening to many MotoG users throughout the world. Amen.Legend is back!! Must BUY!!!.Its been more than a month now I am using this phone and trust me guys I am in love with this hot piece. I has everything a user wants. In fact my friends uses my G to play games as their samsungs doesn't respond well to high graphic games. Even my cousins using s3,s4 and all are jealous of my phone and m loving it. 
 
Pros: 
 
Super fast, VFM, sexy looking phone, Voice clarity, Sound, battery life, good camera and most importantly apps google store has, its osam. 
 
Cons: 
It doesn't respond like to talks moto X does. There should be a software for it:(.. I think in 14k I am asking for a lot. 
 
I think Motorola with google has come out with a legend. And beware samsung and apple grandfather is here with a bang. History is getting repeated, its true legend always remains a legend!!!! 
 
MUST BUY PHONE...outstanding product, quick delivery.i was waiting for the launch, but for some reason could not purchase on launch day. 
purchased on 11th Feb. and got my moto g next day(next day delivery). 
phone is outstanding, Build quality is very good. no phone in 20K range can be compared with this one. micromax may have greater configuration but in in terms of performance moto g has upper hand. 
kitkat update significantly increases phone performance and believe me you will notice this even if you don't notice major changes in UI. camera, battery, and call performance is more than excellent. in one of the game (isniper 3d) game out performed ipad mini2(both were 2-3 days old then). micromax will never release kitkat update for existing phones. 
Highly recommended, buy it without wasting a moment on comparing with samsung/sony/micromax etc. it is better than all phones in 20k range.Great Phone.I bought a 16GB version and Phone is awesome, I am impressed with the HD quality of the screen. Thanks to flipkart they delivered the phone at Lightning speed. A screen-guard and a back cover should have been included for this at this price. 
 
Though its 5MP Camera the picture quality is really superb. The quality of the pic almost the same as the Sony 12mp cyber-shot. 
 
As of now phone is doing great and hopefully every thing goes good :) 
 
I also want to share one more experience for which I will appreciate a lot to flipkart i.e. their return service. I order a shell along with this phone but I dint like that and asked flipkart to return and they sent a person the next day and picked up the product and flipkart promised to return the money in just 6 days which is also awesome. Thanks Flipkart and Continue this lightning fast service.Good phone at a reasonable price.I bought the 8 GB version around 25 days ago. The phone is quick, thanks to the Snapdragon 400 processor, has good clarity, can handle some heavy games without lag etc. 
 
Pros : 
1. Good phone at a reasonable price 
2.Quad core Snapdragon processor puts its ahead of the similar priced competitiors 
3. Runs a stock version of android 
 
Cons : 
1. Cost cutting evident in some areas such as the charger. 
2. 5 MP Camera is a let down. Pictures appear grainy. 
3. Motorola service is unknown 
4. Battery is not removable.A phone with a defective battery might be a headache to repair/replace since motorola service is not widespread. 
 
On the whole an excellent phone at this price. Had heard about battery related problems but thankfully, have not experienced it (may be since it is being used by my wife). 
 
My suggestion is to go for the 16 GB versionno nokia x can beat it....moto g stands apart.i saw people comparing nokia x(firstandroid phone from nokia) with the &quot;MOTO G&quot;....i would like to tell all of them to please understand technology and then comment ....nokia come with a snapdragon 200 processor where as the moto g comes with a snapdragon 400 ....huge difference in performance despite the clock speed being same!! The moto g comes with a 720p display resulting in a whooping 329ppi that actually means you cant differentiate between pixels...for me it is a phone which can actually change the trend created by giants like samsung etc. everything in india comes at a price as if to loot india ...sill we have to buy those pricey craps because we have no choice but now we have ...AWEsome phone!great product with great interface.What I like most about Moto G is: 
- everything that I need around google - gmail, maps, drive, android apps is right there 
- text render and image rendering is awesome 
- interface is simple, sleek and fast 
- screen of gorilla glass is great and you can simply wipe with plain cloth if needed 
- I get 12.92 GB for 16 GB model - that is enough for me 
- its all packed properly battery, memory - only thing I ever going to change is sim card 
 
Someone rightly listed some cons are there (nfc, expandable memory, etc.) but I am getting how much and what all I use everyday and I am happy about the price as well. 
 
Regarding delivery: 
I received Moto G (in exchange of old phone) within 18 hrs. Super fast delivery from Flipkart. 
They have done away with paper bills, sending ebill instead - I like that and its a good move.FK the only National level retailer for Moto G.. Saying product out of stock within few mins..Very Very bad to see Flipkart allowing retailers like &quot;WS Retail&quot; to run a show with very limited number of products on offer. 
 
If WS Retail do not want to give Release day offer for more ppl, better ask them to drop those offers and allow many customers to buy the product on day one. 
 
Not sure, why Flipkart Notify failed this time around... Did not receive product released notification till now. 
 
For this Product i will give 5 Star Rating...Excellent Phone!!Very Good Product From Motorola.Its a nice phone, 
Excellent build quality, Superb Screen Quality, Awesome Speaker and inbuilt sound(Buy a Samsung or Sony Earphone). 
 
Overall I am highly satisfied with it but I gave it 4 Stars because of its low 2G internet speed. If you are using 3G then its ok but if you will use 2G net on this device, speed is below average. You can't open Play Store. Most of the time it will show connection timeout. 
 
It is not a problem of my network provider, because when I use same sim with my Galaxy Grand Quattro, the browsing speed is much better then MOTO G. Even I can easily open the play store and can download any application. 
 
So this is the major issue with this phone. It need a very good signal strength for net browsing. 
 
If you leave this issue, all other features are excellent. I am highly satisfied, more then my Grand Quattro.Moto G 16 GB user review.Value for money dual SIM smartphone. The interface is very user friendly and quite fast. Opening and running multiple applications does not cause the phone to dither. 
The phone has got a fair bit of heft to it - this can be a boon or a bane whichever way you look at it, but personally, i feel psychologically satisfied with a slightly heftier unit compared to the feather-weight stuff that you get otherwise. 
Google Maps functions particularly well and this phone can easily double up as your GPS device when driving. Camera is pretty decent too. 
Downsides are a one day battery life on a full charge (if you are usage is continuous) and no SD card slot for storage expansion. 
 
For the asking price you get a very nice smartphone with all the essentials that you require for daily usage at one third the price of some famous competitors.A value for money phone!.Just got my Moto G delivered 2 days back. Firstly, Flipkart service - excellent, fast, and well packed. Regarding the product, this is not obviously the excellent one out there because the more we pay, the better phones we get, but having said that, for the price and features it offers, nothing in this range can beat Moto G! An excellent product with topnotch performance. Still need to explore in depth, but so far very happy and satisfied (battery seems to be draining faster than expected, but just observed for 2 days now). Those still in confusion with Moto G versus others, just go for this and you won't regret (except for the 5 mp camera, if you are very particular, though the camera clarity in this is much better than other branded 5 mp phones). Lastly, a word for the seller - reliable, quick, and trustworthy. Good job!Best Value for Money Phone..I bought this phone from flipkart, don't know why they were not delivering it in UP. Nevertheless the phone is awesome.I have been using this phone for 2 months now and I haven't faced a single lag yet. I am a power user and frequently play HD games. It doesn't break a sweat while playing games like Asphalt8, Real Racing3 etc. The battery backup is also great that lasts full day with Wifi or 3G on. Previously I have been using Samsung Galaxy Grand. From the day I bought it I was constantly regretting my decision, it used to hang a lot &amp; it wasn't even compatible with games mentioned above. It doesn't stand against MotoG anywhere being costly also. 
 
Pros: 
Excellent performance of Snapdragon processors, Good Battery backup, Nice hd screen. 
 
Cons: 
 
Poor Camera, Poor quality earphones.Moto G.... Excellent product from Motorola and Google.Moto G is an excellent product by Motorola and Google. Currently this seems to be the best phone for the mid-class Android segment with unbeatable price. Regarding the phone specs 
 
Pros: 
Android 4.4.2 (Kitkat): I got the update within a few days after getting the mobile. 
Solid build quality. 
Great battery backup.... (It could easily last about a day even with heavy usage, and with moderate usage it last two days.) 
Nice display and descent touch sensitivity....... 
Dual sim capability. 
Supports Google Now.... 
 
Cons: 
No external memory. 
Irremovable battery. 
Camera not effective in dim lighting. 
No USB cable. 
 
Good service by flipkart. Booked the phone on the first day and got it on the fifth day, way before the scheduled delivery date. But couldn't get the flip cover as it it out of stock.Very good phone for the price..I got this phone on 8th Feb and thought of writing about it after a few days of use. First thing to mention is its build quality, after two weeks of normal use there is nothing, not even a spot on the phone, neither on glass nor the cover. Being a lay user this phone has everything I look for: processing speed, good looks, dual sim, clear calls, decent camera with LED flash (front camera is a bonus) and loads of apps. Despite all the good things said, I have a few complaints too :). No memory card slot, out of 8GB about 6 GB is available. If you are a photo and video crazy person, then life is going to be tough with this phone. Next is the earphone, it is not pink or a canal phone for that matter, as shown in the promotional picture in Flipkart. So dont fall for it. Not so good earphone spoils a bit otherwise excellent package.Battery is not as good as claimed / advertised, not suitable for outdoor usage..I got the 8GB version 2 weeks ago. Some websites falsely advertised that the phone has 24 hours of talktime ( which is not true ). The actual claim as per motorola's website is that the battery lasts 24 hours on mixed usage &amp; this is true. Since i like to play games, I installed Temple Run OZ. The battery drains very quickly while playing. I played for 30 minutes &amp; the battery was drained by 15%. The back of the phone ( battery ) was also noticeably heated up (warm not hot) after 30 minutes of playing. This was the only disappointment from this phone. If you are thinking of outdoor usage, then this phone would not be suitable because in India the phone is not supplied with USB charger / data cable in the box (only the wall charger). I was thinking of buying another one (the 16 GB version) but have now decided against it.Is it a good Option to Buy Phones Online??.I got this phone yesterday for my wife from flipkart, I stay in US and my wife is in India as my baby son is just 6 months old. I chose MOTO G as I saw good reviews and more Importantly my wife can use whatsapp to send my baby son's pictures to me (her previous cell was a basic one). She was excited when she got the package delivered (also it was her B'day yesterday). She got her sim card converted to micro sim and tried inserting the sim, one of the 2 sim card slots is not detecting the sim card and when the sim is inserted to the other slot it is not getting inserted/locked properly (usually a click sound comes when sim is inserted properly). Now, she can not use her old basic cell as her sim is now converted to micro sim and the new phone is not detecting the sim. 
 
I'm eagerly waiting to see my son's pictures (I haven't seen him since I came to US few months back). Spoke to customer care and they are asking us to wait for the technical folks to call and try fixing the issue. so waiting for these technical guys to call, she has borrowed someones phone just for today. Is it a good option to buy any electronic item online? Will update my review as and when I get updates.Good Phone at an amazing price..I got the 16GB version on 3rd March. It took about 10 days. But i am quite happy. So sharing with you the experience in these few days of usage. 
PROS- 
1. Very good display. I tried high resolution videos and all are playing OK without any lags or freezes. 
2. Feels great in the hand. The design is such that you'll feel its the right size of a device in your palms. The rubbery coating is also good on the back cover althogh it tends to become dirty if you have wet or oily hands. 
3. A lot has been said about the quality of the camera. Sorry, but i found it to be a quite decent one. The flash is also Good for low light photo clicks. 
4. I've read somewhere that Aircel SIM is not working with Moto G. I am here to prove it wrong. I am using Aircel and Idea Micro Sims(cut from normal Sims). They seem to be working fine. The cutting of the sims with the puncher should be right and precise. 
5. Games like temple run, Subway surfers are tested to be running fine on my phone. 
6. Mobile Wi-Fi Hotspot is working fine on this phone. 
7. Coming to OS- I don't know why in the description put up by Flipkart says that the phone comes with Jelly Bean installed and up-gradable to KitKat, coz when i unboxed the device and turned it On, i first checked the Android version. To my amazement its KITKAT Pre-installed. So i didn't have to upgrade it. 
8. I have read several comments of the phone comes in an unsealed pack. Sorry, but when it reached here, i found the box to be sealed with a Motorola labelled tape. 
 
CONS- 
1. Not impressed with voice clarity..I mean i don't really know, if its got to do something with the network i am using, it may be bad here etc. 
2. Sometimes the screen doesn't seem to respond to tough jut for a second. I haven't removed the original screen lamination till now. I think it could also be the reason. 
3. The headphones really are not that good. No Bass, cheap...could be better...but with other 3rd party headphones, sound seems to be O.K. 
4. Comes with a Stock Android with very minor customization. Pre-installed apps are less. Samsung devices are costly because their OS is customized to the maximum and comes with maximum usable apps like swipe keyboard etc. 
5. Battery not user removable. I don't know what will happen if something is wrong or how much will it cost to replace the battery at an authorized service centers later. 
6. Removing the back cover is a tough work..it sometimes make you feel that it broke while opening the back cover, 
7. Although loud speaker is good but FM cannot be made to play on the loud speaker. You've got to plug in the headphones to turn on the radio and to listen to. 
 
Still a recommendable device, for those who wants the taste of Kit Kat at a low price.pros n cons of moto g.friends, this is the best budget mobile in indian market with all needful features...some of the cons i m finding are avg. camera and avg phone speaker...headphone provided with set is not good but i am using samsung headphone with same jack that is working good...charger provided is not usb data cable charger which are provided by most of mobile manufacturer now a days...also u will struggle to find screen guard, body cover and flipcover in market and if u wil find that in market they would b of poor quality and price of these gadgets are very high on flipkart...also there is issue of very less service center when would b needed...but inspite of that i think, its better than most of indian and chinese mobile set which are selling mobile set at higher prices now a days with good specs. on paper but poor in hardware...so its better to go with brand with some flaws.MotoG Awesome phone, iphone 5s seems overrated but still read this one b4 BUYING.I am in love with this phone though i have used it for 4 days now. Amazing phone. But let me give you some reasons for which you Google should have done to make it even better: 
1. Does NOT have a USB cable. 
2. Poor quality phone charger 
3. Should have shipped with a kit-kat version 
4. Provided a flip cover 
5. Should have added an extra slot for data card 
6. Battery should have been replaceable after all we are not going to buy when it becomes Lenovo. 
7. The package should have been seal packed. 
8. Shipped it with in-built BBM, Whatsapp, Task, To do, Compass, FB, Twitter, True caller and some other useful applications. 
9. Better camera would have been good. 
10. A stylus would have been a luxury too. 
11. An FM radio without the need to plug-in headphones would have made it awesome. 
12. A bigger screen without increasing the phone dimensions i.e. using every inch of the phone for screen and not leaving any margin on the bottom panel. 
In the end it still is a great phone and at this price point makes it desirable.Bestest mid range phone and awesome flipkart service.Specification of Moto G vs Grand2 
1) HD IPS Display, 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.5 inches, 326ppi.(Grand2 old TFT Display, 5.25 inches ~280ppi.) 
2) Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection.(Grand2 normal glass) 
3) 8/16 GB internal memory, No memory cards slot but Can use microUSB v2.0 PenDrive, 1 GB RAM-Sufficient for gaming (Grand2 8GB Internal memory, microSD slot, 1.5GB ram) 
4) HSPA+ 21 Mbps Download speed. 
5) Better benchmark than Grand2 (As per fonearena - Moto G won 7 out of 11 benchmarks tests against Grand2) 
6) High speed Bluetooth v4.0 with A2DP 
7) 5MP main camera with HDR, LED flash, panorama, 720p Video recording@30fps, stereo sound rec., 1.3MP Secondary camera.(Grand2 8MP main camera but no HDR, 1.9MP Secondary Cam) 
8) Android latest OS v4.4.2 KitKat (Grand2 old Jelly Bean v4.3) 
9) Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A7 CPU (quite faster than Grand2) 
10) Best Graphics Card Adreno 305 GPU 
11) HTML5, A-GPS support and GLONASS, FM radio, Java support etc. 
12) Li-Ion 2070 mAh battery(best for 4.5in display) 
13) Dual sim option 
PRICE IS LOWER THAN GRAND 2I have used this for around 2 months and it is just amazing! Here is what I feel about it..Hey guys, Ill just give you some info on this phone which matter. 
 
1) Camera is really good for this budget. Outdoor pictures are just fantastic. 
2) Speaker...Dam they are louder then my computer speakers..and the quality is really nice. 
3) Interface is very user friendly and running with kitkat now is just a wonderful experience. 
4) Very stylish phone on the hand and easily usable with 1 hand. 
5) Best screen you can ever get in this budget. Smooth as butter. 
6) Performance...I have never seen a android phone without lag(mid range)....Moto g has proved me so wrong! This thing runs everything so smoothly. Do not download all those apps that say they will make your phone faster etc...they are just bullshit and make your phone even slower. 
7) Battery...this is just amazing!! My phone stays on for whole 2 days with 3G and Wifi on!Best phone under 20k.I got my Moto G delivered in a day using Flipkart in a day delivery service. Experience with Flipkart has been always good. Thanks to Flipkart teams. Keep up the good work! 
 
The phone itself is so smooth. Display is sharp providing awesome viewing experience for photos and videos. I still use BBZ10 as my main phone because of me storing lots of data on my device. Unfortunately moto g 16GB is not expandable. Though running snapdragon 400 quad core processor I personally find my z10 a little smooth than moto G but that's not noticeable if you don't use this two device in a day to day 
Basis. The 5mp camera takes better picture than most of local brand phone claiming and boasting of 8mp. Battery is a little better than my z10. People looking to buy phone in the range of 10-15k look no further just but this and feel the difference.Bad Start.Ok... This is my first ever review for online products. 
 
After a good research, finally I decided to buy this little cute phone (Moto g 16gb)...All went well with order processing and delivery (Thanks to Flip kart. You guys did a great job in delivering even before the committed time. So the story starts, when I have unpacked the phone. The first thing I did got taken back is that there was no data cable....I said ok for myself and then started looking at the charger and was bit upset as the charger was a normal&hellip;..These days even a basic mobile comes with data cable or the data cable in embedded with the charger&hellip; It was quite surprising that moto g did have either ... hmm ok I consoled myself and may be I should not expect more for this price&hellip;(at this point of time, I was thinking to go for a quick shopping for data cable)...And then my next disappointment comes.. I tried to plug in the charger and for my unpleasant surprise I see that the phone is not getting charged???&hellip;I am not a great techy, but still tried basic trouble shooting, but no luck. Then I immediately called flip kart and explained the problem, they were kind enough to empathise my situation and assured for a call back from their technicians (I am waiting eagerly to talk to them today). The possible options I have at this point of time is to replace this defective piece or cancel my order...somehow after doing my research and looking this phone in my hands, I am not able to jump on to decision to cancel the order... After all these gadgets are man-made and there can be human errors. I am thinking to give flip kart a 2nd chance to see if can get a good moto g(defect free piece). 
Few basic thoughts for both great companies (Motorola &amp; Flip kart) 
1. Does Motorola not do some basic testing of their products before they release in to the market? That's something I cannot digest, especially from such a big mobile giant with years of experience. 
2. I understand that flip kart has no role to play as far as the product manufacturing is concerned (excellent or defect pieces) they are just helping customers like me to get what they are looking for.. But should not flip kart demand for quality of products from the manufactures as this will seriously dent the image of flip kart (especially when Moto G is only available through flip kart). I am sure someone like to definitely think twice to order online next time. 
Let me wait and watch what&rsquo;s up for me in next few days&hellip; Will keep you posted about the progress. 
Finally, I recommend the prospective buyers not to hurry up to buy this phone and that watch out for any alternative. May be Motorola is making a comeback and needs some time to settle down&hellip;This is just a suggestion as you would definitely not want to get disappointed after spending big bugs.Best Phones for its Price, Battery hands down best among all the android phones.There is a lot written about this, so rather than running through features or usage experience which is already done by somebody, let me tell what doesn't work well in this phone everything . 
 
CAMERA is something which really poor in this one. Naturally so, coming with almost vanilla android this was suppose to happen. As most of you know Camera software in google android roms is weak, which transcend in this phone along with their Nexus line of phones. 
 
But you can compensate above issue by installing some camera app, Android have plenty of them and most of them of good quality. Also Google have released their own Camera app. 
 
Final words, If your are going for Android phone with budget of 13k something then just buy this damn phone, You won't regret it. 
Can't say the same for Karbon, Micromax or any other cheap manufactures.kihoo my moto g ..... I love more than my gf.I would like to heartily welcome to Motorola smartphone. 
Let tell about its basic functions , speaker and out speaker both are great . I am greatly inspired by song sound .It has tutor effects. Ear phone is good not that great this has been comprised . 
 
I love the display . I was expecting gorilla glass 2 but its 3 beyond my expectations . HD display . it great . 
I don't know about scratch resistant . we can go for very good screen guard . 
 
It has a great look . Bit heavy , but I prefer heavy . 
 
Camera is more than enough for me . Flash is beyond my expection 
Battery I would say best for an android .Its more than day with calls and mp3 for 3 hours . 
 
I use 3g . For this it consumes bit more . 
 
Again processor beyond expection . I don't play games that much . 
 
To conclude I would heartly thank Flipkart for great serviceBest Performance in the class!!!.Great phone!! Super like it.. my honest review below!! 
 
I have been using the phone over a month now.. I have downloaded several games &amp; apps. My usage has been moderate during day &amp; high during evening. I switch off my phone in the night. The battery lasts for good part of the second day with this usage. 
 
Phone features: 
Great touch &amp; feel. I have not put the screen guard as it has corning gorilla glass. Feels fast. Has vanilla android which feels great. 
 
Camera: 
Average.. this is the only feature I am not super happy about. This does not mean it has a bad camera. Love the slow motion video recording though. 
 
Speaker: 
Speaker quality when playing music &amp; when during calls is bad. Not happy, however it doesn't concern me much. 
 
Handsfree: 
Not of great built &amp; quality. Again I am not concerned much.performance and price.This phone is the best one can get for the price. Aesthetics is crafted to perfection, you would feel very comfortable holding it with even weight distribution, touch is super responsive and doesn't give you lag even when you are consuming most of the processor.Screen resolution is brilliant, charging lasts longer than I expected with wifi turned on it lasted for almost more than 30 hours without even being full charged when it was delivered to me. It boots faster than other mobiles in the segment, and comes upgraded with Android 4.4 (Kitkat). Its not so heavy on the hand and also gives you a good grip with a dent on the motorola logo. The only drawback I felt was that it doesnt come with a data cable to connect it to laptop. Overall, it gives a good value for money and would be the best option to choose in this price range.My 1 Month Experience with the Moto G.I have been using this phone for more than a month now and I haven't noticed a single flaw in this amazing device. I have not used any scratch guards or covers and sometimes I've left it in the same pocket where I keep my keys yet there is not a single scratch on the body nor the screen, even dropped it accidentally once from about 3.5 feet, yet this rock solid device is completely intact with all parts functioning perfectly. Besides the hardware the OS is super fast, not as fast as Moto X but much faster than any other device in the 12-15K range. High graphics and performance games like 'Asphalt 8:Airborne', 'Injustice: Gods Among Us', etc. work perfectly. The battery life is also very good. Overall, its worth the money I spent on it. Its the best device out there at such a low price.Smartphone done right , nearly !!.Got it delivered in a day!! Nice !! 
 
Quick Review: 
Pros: 
Performance : A quad-core snapdragon along with 1 GB RAM gets you through all tasks easily. 
Looks : Nice curvy design that fits well into the palm. The overall built is solid. 
Screen : An beautiful HD 720p screen with amazing contrasts. Would give any AMOLED a run for its money. 
No Bloatware: No music hubs or social hubs or chatOn , that kind of gimmicks. Clean, quick, slick interface. 
 
Cons: 
Non-expendable memory i.e no place for a storage expansion via a micro-SD card. Choose your variant: 8 GB or 16 GB carefully. 
Camera : Its ok for casual goofing around with WhatsApp,Instagram but if you are looking for a very nice snapper that gives you sharp,focused images with details, please walk away. This isn't for camera lovers. 
 
Definitely worth the price !! A great buy !!Fantastic!.Purchased this for my mother after reading several reviews on the internet. I was skeptical about the non removable battery, missing memory card slot and the poor camera but believe me, these are very trivial issues compared to the other phones out there of the same price range. Right from the sound quality to the display quality, I've fallen in love with every little feature of this nifty phone. It's fast, has a sharp display, a solid build (Love the rubbery back. Gives amazing grip), good battery backup, good camera (I was expecting a terrible one going by the reviews but it turned out to be quite good) and most importantly is a bang for one's buck. I'm even ready to switch my Galaxy S4 with my mom for this beauty. 
 
Amazing delivery by Flipkart as usual. Ordered it on Sunday night and got it on Tuesday morning. Happy me :)A wow experience - Thank you Moto...The best phone I can say for this price range. Camera might be a little compromising but it is ok for all other features in this phone. i have opened 15-20 applications, still i could open the next app without any delay and with same speed as first one.There might be some problem when we update to kitkat. No worries. Switch off and switch on mobile, everything will be alright. If someone is planning to buy this phone no need to think again.Just go for it. Haa haa haa. Google has entered into mobiles market.Now everyone (Samsung, Apple, Sony,... ) will have a tuff time. Bye bye Samsung, Sony, Apple,.... you can concentrate on other products. Flipkart as usual it was great service from them. 
Google (either from moto or from LG) we expect a lot more from you. 
 
I thought of giving 4 star because of camera quality but i couldn't.A perfect phone for the price!.I found this to be a perfect phone to migrate from Galaxy Nexus (due to some power button issue, inability to upgrade to Kitkat and not having a scratch resistant display). Normally, I would have gone with Nexus 4 or 5 since I love the pure Android experience, but Moto G seemed like an excellent deal at the given price. I am very satisfied with the product. 
 
Pros 
1. Excellent build quality 
2. Good specs to support common usage 
3. Scratch resistant (due to GG 3) and somewhat stain resistant as well 
4. Decent picture quality even though it is has just 5 MP camera 
5. Free of bloatware 
 
Cons 
1. Indian brands such as Micromax, Intex and Karbon do offer great phones with better specs at this price. The reason I didn't go for them is due to their unnecessary modifications to the base Android OS and not too impressive build qualityBest Phone Under 20k.Guys what you expect when you are going to purchase a new phone in the market. 
 
1. Value for money. 
2. Satisfactory hardware configuration. 
3. Stunning look with display. 
4. After sales service.(Main point) 
5. After purchase satisfaction. (Most important) 
6. Satisfactory Battery life. 
7. Scratch proof display( Corning gorilla glass 3), its really very difficult to use an android phone with scratch guard. 
 
These above points are totally matched with my moto G, I think the brand is enough,,, &quot;MOTOROLA with GOOGLE&quot;. 
 
I recently got the OTA of 4.4 KITKAT update from GOOGLE. 
 
When some one spend his valuable time to write a review either he/she fully satisfied or dissatisfied. nothing more to say use it feel it... 
 
Only con is no external memory slot. rest things are perfect enough to beat any phone in this categoryAwesome.I am liking the phone. The phone has no lag and response time is minimal.....another feature, which not many would be knowing is that if u buy a flip cover(which is magnetic) in the combo set while ordering in flipkart then u are also buying an extra feature for your phone...the phone locks automatically when the flip shuts..... the filp cover makes the phone a little heavy though....but hell yeah it makes the phone look more classy. 
 
If u want a smart phone and ur budget is just like mine then there is nothing better than this. The display is awesome, all necessary apps work fine, the internal mem of 16GB is way too much for me to use....perhaps u can manage to have a couple of high definition games also. 
 
The battery life is also fine.....if data usage is not activated then ur phone will not conk for atleast 30 hrs.Moto G the Affordable Smart Fone.Amazing for the price this phone has better feature then even note 3 which is my other phone. I am most amazed by the feature and price. Its been after a long time that shifted to Motorola and I would say one thing google should keep the company and not sell it so it can give us the great phone. I had been told Moto G cuts corners I will disagree apart from a data cable everything else is there in fact more booklets then even samsung gives are given with the phone. The Build quality is WOW and better then what you get in Samsung. This is driod Answer to I Phone and Moto Assist has feature I never saw on a smart phone. I would say this is the best for the price as similar feature phone will cost you over 25,000 in the market. As always whenever ordering from WS retail the speed was fair and there was nothing to complain.worth the wait.I waited for this product to release in India for over a month and ordered it on first day with awesome offers from fk.. Not only was the phone awesome but WA's delivered within two days. Phone is really good and I even got a kitkat update within a week.. Phone battery drains within 12 hours after a full charge and I feel that was little low. but considering that I use 3G and Wi-Fi all the time with around 2 hours of gaming and 2 hours of calling, I don't think it's that bad either. Display beats even the best phones with 329ppi screen. Earphones are not that good. Apart from this I bought a sweat shirt and one more John players shirt for 500 bucks. I received it yesterday and they are really good too. so full paisa vasool buying moto g. One of the best purchases I made on flipkart.best android under 20000 bucks.......Thank you motorola and flipkart.i got my moto g yesterday it's awesome best android under 20000 bucks if any one wants to buy android under 20,000 bucks then he should buy moto g... 
 
pros- 
Dual SIM, GSM + GSM, 
display is awesome (HD, 1280 x 720 Pixels resolution) 
corning gorilla glass 3 for protection 
water resistant coating for water protection 
average camera ( day light photo is good but low light photo is average) 
awesome 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, Quad Core processor 
nice Adreno 305, 450 MHz Single Core ( i play asphalt 8 without any lag and it's also load very quick) 
battery backup (i use wifi 4hr and only 7% battery use) 
built quality 
kit kat update from yesterday 14th feb 
etc.... 
 
 cons: no sd card 
 
 filpkart service very good very good packaging 
thank you motorola for such a nice device and thank you flipkart for awsesome service.....it is nexes 5 with small compromise on processor and camera and 20 k savings.It is best phone with this price tag, 
Pros.1.Economy with best features. 
2.best Touch screen experience with gorilla glass 3 
3.best processor with this price tag 
4.Android kitkat update makes it king because except google nexus even 35k phone doesn't have kitkat. 
5.online moto care makes it unique. 
6.Motorola migrate makes it best in category. 
Motorola assist gives us smart call management feature. 
7.extra processor for games makes best experience for games. 
8.1gb RAM with inbuilt memory makes it best because you haven't need to care about open tab. 
9.best experiance ever with google plus in HD experience as made for Google s 
 
While cons are negligible but there are some CONS 
1.camera quality is so so and night pictures are not so good. 
2speakers are loud but sometimes makes noiseJust Awesome ............hi there guys,i purchased moto g(16 gb) about 10 days ago and i tell u what, its a total worth for your bucks guys ,the delivery process was very fast ,and after using my moto g for 10 days i came to know that its not an ordinary phone ....it has the capability of competing with some big phones which are above 20,000....and some phones like samsung grand 2.. this phone stands nowhere in front of moto g .samsung grand 2's price is something around 21,000 and it has the exact same specifications as moto g have the only difference is its camera is 8mp and moto g's is 5mp 
and i still cant believe that motorola is selling this phone in such a low price in india 
hats off 
GREAT WORK MOTOROLA AND FLIPKART 
just go for this phone guys .. 
i bet it will not disappoint you 
I am just loving my moto g 
great stuff go for it ...Moto G is really awesome one.... ????????? ?????? ????????????.......About Flipkart: 
The flipkart website showed a delivery time of 7-8 days, but this beauty of a device was delivered to me in flat 72 hours. Very good service from Flipkart and eKart Logistics. Thanks. 
 
About Moto G: 
The excellent product 
This was my first android phone and I am fully satisfied with the device performance and features so far. 
4.5 inches screen is quite comfortable.But touch button should not have part of 4.5 touch screen. It can be accomodated in below touch screen. Anyways touch is very nice... 
Battery back up has been tremendous so far. 
1GB of memory makes it a really great. 
 
Moto G is really awesome one.... 
Don't wait...just Grab and Enjoy.....Best budget android mobile.Moto G is the best budget android mobile (~15k INR) 
 
The phone feels well built, of quality materials and it handles well (can almost be use one-handed). I would have preferred the volume button on left. 
 
Pros 
- good quadcore processor handles tasks easily given the 1GB of RAM 
- not much fluff on top of Android4.3 and guaranteed update to 4.4 
- good looking screen with vibrant colors and great resolution/DPI 
- built-in FM radio (yes, I'm old-fashioned but it was a must for me) 
- camera is decent for a phone 
- LED is powerful enough and makes a good spot for using as flashlight 
- built in compass is fairly precise and does not jump around much 
- dual sim 
 
Cons 
 
- no SD card (this is more of a fault to me since I like to put loads of music on my phone and thus only 4 star rating. You get ~12GB free with the 16GB version)Got Moto G rocking mobile.Firstly I am very THANKFUL to FLIPKART for its QUICK DELIVERY. 
Order on sunday received phone on tuesday afternoon flipkart rocks. 
 
My Reviews for Moto g: 
1. Display: 10-10 bright and cool. - Excellent 
2. Camera: 9-10 I dont know why people are giving wrong review for camera its awesome HDR. - Very Good 
3. Processor: 10-10 Fast fast fast.- Excellent 
4. Storage : 9-10 (12.92 GB) enough for me :) - Very Good 
5. Battery: 9-10 - Stay for long around 1-2 day - Very Good 
6. Music : 9-10 - Clear and Loud - Very Good 
7. OS - 10-10 - Kitkat No hang no problem yet like some of samsung expensive phone - Excellent 
8. Network and connectivity 9-10 - Fast internet speed and transfer speed. 
 
Conclusion: BEST PHONE AT THIS PRICE MOTO G ROCKS 
Guys go grab its cool phone ever....u will forgot samsung 20k mobile too its my challenge.Brilliant Mid-Range.I would say this is the best mid-range android phone available in the Market. Hopefully Moto survives in India. Best display, decent CPU GPU combination, awesome app store. One and only drawback is the Camera in low lighting. In other light conditions, camera does well and you can capture snaps that live a shorter life (eg:- snaps that you take and share, but forget about them :)). I believe most of the phones in this range perform similarly, so I havent compromised on it. 
 
Low end mid end gaming is perfect like Temple Run etc. For Asphalt etc, well your call. 
 
Reading a pdf, website content is good. 
 
Music, video playback is top notch. 
 
If your budget is ~15K, just click buy now. 
Flipkart, surprised me with early delivery (promised in 15 days, but got in less than a week). Way to go flipkart. 
 
Need accessories ASAPMoto G review !!!.I have purchased this device on the first day of the launch @FLIPKART. I have been looking for a budgetary smartphone since long time and finally got the same kind which i expected. 
In truly speaking, the phone is smart in looks as well as powerful in features. Satisfied with the display, touch, backup, sound and performance comparing to lotsss.. of smartphones in Higher category ( +20K..) ;) 
OS is zip..zap..zoom..faster than to be expected. The disappointing factor seems to be the only battery and Non-expandable memory !! :( 
But don't sorrow for these factors b'z the battery issue can be same with iPhs as well being best of all. And for the memory problem can be quashed if you take 16Giga specimen (i hope thats enough for your plenty of games except moviezz. ;)) 
 
Gr8 deal !! go for it without pile of thinkin..Great phone, good value for money.For day to day usage, the price-performance ratio is unbeatable. You get a Quad core chip, very good (IPS) screen, the phone itself isn't too large, but is pocketable, which was one of my main criteria, unlike the hefty Grand or Note types of phones which have progressively larger screens. 
 
The phone is very responsive, while it is a slower SOC, it is snappy for normal usage. Gaming is also good, but the GPU isn't as good as the current lot of high end phones (understandable, given that they cost 2X as much). 
 
You will not notice lag or sluggishness with this phone, unless there are a ton of applications trying to get CPU attention. Battery life is excellent, and you can get by with a day (or more) of usage depending on your usage pattern. Build quality is great, it appears sturdy enough, no creaks or flex anywhere.Moto G Rocks...!! So does flipkart too...!!!.Moto G...exceptional..way beyond imagination at this price tag....!! The only thing that my previous cell HTC one x plus lacked was Sound.... Moto G excels in music, battery life... UI is superb.. It could be a bit more lighter though. Overall, I am fully satisfied with the way Moto G has stood upto my expectations. I have been using this product since last one month and I have not came across any single issue till now. The display is rock solid ( Gorilla glass 3) . 
 
Flipkart delivered the product just in a day. Hats off to flipkart for such a fast delivery. 
 
Anyone who is thinking to buy a smartphone withing a budget of 20000, I suggest you not to go for any other brand and waste your money. Just go to flipkart.com and book Moto G. The best within the price range 10000-20000.Best phone in it's class..Moto G. The name is new definition of awesomeness. Way better than its competitors of same price range. Its a high end phone with so low price tag. From the physical build point of view it feels rock solid and looks like a black marble in the hand. This is also water resistant to a certain extent, so if you accidentally drop it in water it will just work. Doesn't lag at all. Gameplay and video playback is smooth. Battery is just okay, but I'm a quite heavy Android user so if you are a moderate user, for you it will last for more than a day. Camera is good in daylight and flash is too bright, so if you like to capture at low light, it won't disappoint you that much. Overall it's the really good phone. I'm reviewing this after using it for more than 4 weeks and believe me, this one's for you. So don't worry. Go for it.Silly Important but Significant points..Phone is Awesome. The best in the range. 
Flipkart is the best in every aspect but here are some things that you might want to consider before buying the phone. 
 
1. There is no USB cable in the box (funny yet true) 
2. The earphones provided are so cheap your ears will hurt after just 1 song. (They are those big round plastic things that don't fit human ears. 
3 There is no inbuilt file manager. You can't open files like u don in Sony or Samsung. ES file manager has to be downloaded. 
4. The vibration is very very soft. Non way you can hear or fell your phone vibrating if it's on a glass or wood surface. 
5 The phone rings very slowly whatever the ringtone is, but the music sounds can be as loud as you want. 
 
But other than that it's a beast of a machine. 
Exceptional multitasking, Endless battery, Easy to work with etc...Classic Smartphone.Every time i pick it up i get blown away by the stunning screen which you just don't get on a gadgets this cheap. Performance remains excellent too, partly thanks to software updates, including Android 4.4 KitKat. 
 
The camera is still just ok and that means we're less likely to get snapping. Our main problem remains in the storage area. With no microSD card slot for adding more storage, our 8GB model is seriously lacking in space for the apps we want to download and use. So anyone looking at getting the Moto G will be better off investing in the larger 16GB version. 
This is really nice phone for this price point. I am using it for few days and its smooth, long-lasting battery life, crisp clear screen and satisfactory camera. Much better than Samsung's all dual sim mobiles like core, quattro etc. 
 
JUST GO FOR IT !!!Very good phone delivered in mediocre packaging.The phone is extremely good. Even white charger and ear phones with black phone did not depress me but the packaging did. 
Firstly it did not come in a tamper proof packing. Even foot wear costing Rs.500 come in far superior packing these days. But Flipkart sent moto g as if they were home delivering 2 pouches of edible oil in a hard paper carton box with adhesive tape used to seal all corners. 
 
Secondly, once you open the motorola pack the moto g can simlply fall out of it as it is loosely placed at the top. The less precious charger &amp; earphones are placed more securely. 
 
Full marks to moto g for its quality 
-10 to flipkart for their handling of moto g.No need to being hurry for buying Moto G.Hi, 
I think as per the configuration given by Motorola company and in this price range, it could be best smartphone, but 1st, as a normal buyer, we should have to wait and watch until any body gives the +ve and -ve features after using this Moto-G phone. So, Please wait and read the all review carefully posted by buyer, who have used this phone. 
 
My +ve feature as per given by the various website 
1. Great processor 
2. Great display resolution 
3. Display size is good 
4. Look is awesome 
5. water resistant 
6. Android GB-4.3 and update as 4.4.2 after buying 
7. Battery might be good 
8. Dual SIM (GSM+GSM) 
9. 3G with best speed 
10. awesome camera quality 
 
-ve features 
 
1. Low RAM 
2. Memory card slot- NIL8gb version sucks.I just got this phone yesterday. I had ordered 8gb version but only 5.2 GB was available for user. I filled it up to 4.7 GB and almost 500 GB was free.then i started updating apps I got an error msg stating not sufficient memory..wtf..500mb was still free...please don't buy 8gb version. And I HV first time used 4.3 its irritating to go to notification bar to change from 3g to 2g and to enable mobile data. And no file manager!!! Camera Is OK. Touch is great..build quality premium. Does it support otg?Money Value Phone and Good Service from Flipkart.com.About the Moto G, Its real value of money. 
My experience: 
Pros: 
 
1. Battery life(single sim): 15 to 16 hrs(with use of internet-FB, Whatsapp, ymail, playing games, call ) 
 
2. I herd the call quality is not good but by experience with Call Quality and clear is also Good(mine with Airtel network) 
 
3. Display is very cool, far far better than Samsung mobiles i used. 
 
4.Head Set Quality is also very good (u may not like if ur using bud type headsets -Samsung type) 
 
Cons: 
 
1. Charger is getting very heat if mobile is kept charging for 15 to 30 min. 
 
About Flipkart: 
 
Great service: 
I have waited just 10 days to get my Moto G and Person who came to deliver my phone waited until I unbox and check the working condition of the phone. after I assured him that phone is in good condition, then he left. 
 
Thank you flipkart.comAmazing product by motorola.I was searching for some different type of Dual SIM phones with packed features in android. The Samsung has become the bland of the market...so I took this for a change. After using it for a week - i must say a good decision. 
The interface is like Nexus &amp; the smooth functioning of the interface is amazing. Everything feels effortless. There are some facilities like folder creation in the main app &amp; going to the widget section even when onne wants to navigate only apps. 
And I found one glitch in this phone - it is not able to download some apps. It goes into Time-Out and how many times you try, the app is not installed. Don't know the reason. 
(For such problems just download the apk from internet &amp; install it manually into the phone). 
 
Overall a power packed elegant device for indian dual sim market.Great phone.After going through a lot of reviews, i finally zeroed in on Moto G...!! i think its a great phone for the price and once updated to kitkat, the phone works like a breeze...extremely fluid, fast, games are a piece of cake...great for multitasking...have been using it for 3 weeks now, have hardly felt the phone's temperature rise.However do notice rarae stutters once in a while..the phone's 720p display is a treat... battery life is pretty satisfactory too..with some browsing and gaming the phone can still last quite long ..easily a day...!!! Only issue is with the service centers...Mysore does not have a proper Moto service center..but anyhow in India having a service center does not count for much...Even then not having a service center near you is a big con...Flipkart's delivery and service were excellent...!!!Gr8 phone.I have been using smart phones since last 3 years. But getting this mobile is a great experience. Motorola has come back with a bang. i am using this mobile since a week and till now no lag in speed or touch. battery is also better than expected. holds on for a day with your regular callss and also using wifi for about 6 to 7 hours. display is good. just a draw back is the camera. could have been better as compared to htc or sony phones. also the back and home key could have been under the screen rather than on screen which occupies .2 to .3 inch screen which makes the display look smaller. rest all other features are gr8. Overall a must buy phone for those who are ready to spend about 13k. My suggestion, better buy 16GB than 8GB as lack of memory card slot will make you download and use limited apps at one time.MOTO -G : Excellent Phone, Value for Money.I purchased this 1 month back &amp; blive me, it's worth every penny that i've spent. This is the best smart phone if your budget is 12 - 15K. Be it Processor, OS or Battery back up, it's above its peers in every department. Very easy to operate &amp; easily fits in your pocket.Above all tremendous Battery backup. Camara quality is excellent (daytime &amp; decent @ Night) Thanks to google associated with the product, you get all the necessary updates. This is my first android phone hence enjoying every bit. :) I would highly recommend every one who is looking for a value proposition instead of someone looking for some Hi Fi Apps &amp; functionality(Heartbeat reader, scanner blah blah...how often do we use it). Excellent ROI. 
 
Also Excellent service from Flipkart to deliver the product on time. Really good service.Best buy for average smartphone users.Battery: Holds good for a day easily even when 3G data is ON 
 
Screen: Pretty decent for the price. Scratch resistance gorilla glass is an added advantage 
 
Sound: Call quality and speakers are good enough but could have been better. Headsets are just for namesake not even worth 100 bucks. 
 
Processor: Phone is pretty fast average smartphone user. Games like Temple run 2 etc goes with any visible lag. 
 
Positives: Undeniably great value, great build and screen quality, stock Android, performance, good camera quality. 
 
Negatives: All-plastic construction, no USB host, no expandable memory, no NFC, no Miracast (screen mirroring) 
 
Other problem I faced is that the data cable is not part of the standard package and has to be bought separately. Also because its a google phone, you are forced to use most of the google services be it gmail, chorme, youtube etc.Good phone good price.So I purchased the moto G, and well, lost it. 
During the 1 and a half months that I owned this phone, I had no issues with it. the UI was pretty fluid and responsive.. games worked rather well. 
Navigation was spot on, better than my previous tab 2. 
The browsing speed was something better than that I had experienced with my previous galaxy tab 2, with the same connection. 
It has survived a significant number of falls, in part due to the cruzerlite bugdroid cover that it had on. 
I has gotten wet and yet not had any issues after that. 
The camera is a bit of a weak point, but heck I have a DSLR so that doesn't matter. 
The space did seem enough, but if you are going to sync a large music library, it might become a constraint. 
Also if you plan on unlocking and rooting this phone, it is rather straight forward.Excellent Device &amp; price.Thank you Motorola for coming back and Flipkart for product. 
 
Moto G.. it's an excellent device for this money or even for a higher price. I searched for about 2 weeks for good smartphones in the 15k range before I settled for Moto G (I don't like shopping online). Upon delivery I opened the package and was pleasantly surprised to see that the phone looked and felft much premium than I imagined from the videos &amp; pics I saw on net. 
 
The hardware is great too for this price point. It works flawlessly most of the time &amp; the stock Android KitKat experience is very good and smooth. 
 
If you want a great smartphone but don't want to upset your bank balance and you have some common sense... you will buy the Moto G now! 
 
I will give it 5 stars coz you cannot get the similar package for even few grand higher price.The Best phone under 15k.I had ordered the phone on its launch date &amp; got it delivered very next day by Flipkart, so thanks Flipkart. 
 
Now coming to phone , i think its perfect budget phone, u get all the features u expect from 20k range phones of branded company. plus you get latest android 4.4 kitkat , which is still not available on high end phones like note 2, s3 etc. the interface is smooth , the phone is not lagging at all. you can play all the games like temple run, angry birds etc. on it without any issues. camera clarity is descent. sound qlty is also good. i will definately recommend for all those who wanna buy phone in range of 10k to 15k , go for MOTO G, it is value for ur hard earned money. 
 
PS : i would just recommend to opt for 16gb as u get 12.92 gb to use , where as in 8gb version , u wuill hardly get 5.5gb to use.A true beast of phone.One of the best product in its price range. Phone is rock solid and bit heavy. Thats why feel good in hands. Its a true manly phone. Battery stays 1 day for moderate usage. Crisp display. Awesome sound. Used it with JBL tempo On ear headphones. Oh my boy.. Flat Flat.. Even it is very loud on speakers. Very good job Motorola. They really back with a bang. Far better than any branded phones in this price range. 
 
Always go for 16 GB as the price difference is only 1.5k 
Used for a day now. So far so good. 
 
Antutu Score: 17642 Not bad at all even more than Nexus 4 
Phone is still in JellyBean 4.3 Waiting for the Kitkat OTA update 
 
Now the Cons: 
The Ear piece provided should have been better if it was an in ear one. But it is ok i think at this price point. 
 
Overall verdict: Very nice phone worth each penny spent.Awesome Product !!!!!.Well I placed order for Moto G on 5th May and received product on 7th May, so thumbs up for flipkart delivery :) 
Now moving on to Moto G performance, I must say its a monster machine at such low price. I was searching for best phone to buy from past 1 month and was bit confused over Moto G and Moto X, finally i selected Moto G since i realized that i can compromise on touch-less features offered by Moto X + Moto G is value for money. 
Its must buy product at this range as phone never lags if i play games on it, listen music parallely and open other social networking sites in background. Seriously No CONS right now (It takes more time to recharge but usually all new phones take lot of time in the beginning so wont consider it as an issue) 
1st time Motorola user, completely satisfied with this product right now :)great mobile @ g8 price.i buy this phone frm flipkart @ 20 feb from the day first i am a big fan of this and kitkat experiance @ just 14k phone, g8 deal @ this price and flipkart delivery is also awsone what do you want u in 14 k g8 display g8 touch gorila glas 3 in this price quard core after kit kat update phone perfomance enhanced,and what i tell you guys i am a techi and i purchase and review many phone but moto g g8 deal in this price and what is the option in this range mmx,karbon,spice and xolo but a g8 company frm usa motorola provide moto g.i have one prob in earpic volume and no other issue bettery is also good.go guys grab it.samsung cheating these days exp grand neo in 17k and xolo opus in 8.5k.so in this range moto g is best in class.many people told me just 16 gb but in 50k apple iphone also provide 16gb memory no issuueHello again Moto!.What a delight to hold in the hand :) 
 
Moto G is by far my third Motorola phone after Razr V3 and Backflip, both of which had their +, 0 and - . 
 
Being an ardent fan of Moto, their discontinuation in India was beyond disheartening. An absolutely innovative organization with a flair for making the most stylish phones ever! Moto G is then a perfect comeback for Motorola in a country where people value an all-in-one package rather than a phone with extreme highs and lows. 
 
The looks, the screen, the interface, the built, the feel in hand, the battery [uh, yes!], everything is unbelievably good at this price. 
 
I am loving the phone and can wholeheartedly recommend this to everyone who's in search of an 'exceptional phone' at an 'exceptional price'! 
 
Well, hello again Moto! :)Amazing value for money!.I ordered on 14th Feb and got it after 10days.. COD and packing was good from FLIPKART. 
About the product, nothing much to say except that its the best phone under 20k, and even gives competition for phones above that price range too.. 
PROS: 
1)Excellent screen (720p LCD) 
2)Good Build quality (feels premium and not cheap) 
3) Amazing performance and battery life 
   I am a very demanding user, yet the phone could easily handle all the tasks very smoothly. Games like Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 ran very smoothly and the graphics were stunning. Easily can last the whole day 
 
CONS: 
The only thing i could think of was the limited storage space (16gb) 
gets over rather quickly if u install HD games 
 
oh and its running the latest version of android !! Kitkat(4.4.2) !! 
Awesome phone! Good Work Moto! Job well doneHello Moto!.Received my 16 GB variant of the Moto G today, and I'm already in love with it! The design is awesome, the Gorilla Glass is perfect, the user interface is good too, and the Google/Moto service apps are a great add. Finally I can run apps perfectly instead of them lagging like they did on my XOLO A500 (pun intended). The thing I liked the most is the startup/boot screen which is lovely! The only problem I've come through yet is that I started the Android 4.4.2 KitKat update download a while back but it keeps stopping, which seems like a WiFi connectivity problem. I haven't added my SIM card yet since I need to get it trimmed into a Micro SIM, but I'm pretty sure I'll be enjoying using this beast for the next few years! Indeed an Exceptional Phone with an Exceptional Price!Using moto G for past 20 days and only two problems faced..I'm new to smart phones (moto G is my first smart phone).....Using moto G for past 20 days and only two problems faced. 
1) one day when i was trying to make a call suddenly the Mic doesn't work and i switched off the phone and again switched it on and it works fine 
2) Suddenly the icons in the menu goes blank and only Black appears neither Apps nor widgets shown simply blank screen appears and then again switched off the phone and again switched it on and it works fine 
 
The phone is working nice and i really enjoy using moto G... Camera is ok....All games are loading very soon....and i think it is worth for 12.5K 
 
i'm really worrying about the second problem it has happened more than two time and one of my friend says that these all are common in Smart phone.....Is it so can any one tell me about this....??Worthy phone of the year.It doesn't feel cheap, doesn't act cheap. With colorful covers you always have a different phone everyday. Budget friendly pack of the year. The screen looks super cool. The phone is easy to hold. And the pure Android is just awesome. This kind of phone is always I wanted. 
 
Lack of NFC is the only drawback of this phone but I don't think I gonna use NFC anywhere in India. Some people will say it lacks 4G LTE, In my place 3G always plays hide and seek. So expecting anything more than 3G is stupidity and I can't pay for such fast connections. 3G is very costly. 
 
Thanks Motorola. And the delivery and packing is superb. 
 
Thanks Flipkart for providing it in such a timely manner. 
 
Overall Superb. But strictly for people who want value for their money. People who are rich can waste their money on Iphone and Galaxys.A great buy for the price point..Great job by Motorola in bringing quality hardware for this price point into the Indian market. Other sellers like Micromax, Celkon, etc, stick to either re-branding Chinese phones or put together cheap hardware and sell for higher rates. There is no point in buying hardware with crapy quality just because the specs are good!. But Moto G does a very good job in terms of Hardware and Software. As Motorola promised the Kitkat update, most of the handsets in India have received the update, and this adds more performance pros to an already great phone. I hope Motorola keeps making quality phones like these for the Asian market. Since it is not owned by Google, i hope Lenovo doesn't screwup Motorola. It would be nice to see that Motorola operate as it is now and Lenovo handle the backend stuff just like Google did.Moto G.Moto G i am using the phone for abt now 2months This is a great phone.some of My tips 
First ofof all donot upgrade urs phone if its on 4.3 bcoz now moto g is getting 4.4.3 update so keep clamnsome ifxe which fixed my problem battery try to do calibration of this batery.Speaker:-this error can be fixed by using poweramp palyer for playing songs as in this app equaliser can set while in the inbult one it cannot be set. 
Pros:High Performance for gamers bcoz its powered by snapdragon 400 1.2ghz quad+adreno305 450Mhz +329 ppi which much greater than any other mobile in this range+1gb ram.Up to date this mobile has not yet hanged while iam playing some big games like asphalt8,call of duty,nfs mostwanted,six guns 
any body is planning to get the other phone kiles the hd ones or another do not go for it go for moto gMotorola Bang the market.All you want to Know about Moto G :- 
 
Using Moto G from 5 Days 
 
1. Updated to 4.4.2 Kitkat, after updation mainly Camera Interface/Quality enhanched. Phone interface remains same. now LED notification works for Phone calls also. Performace little bit enhanched. icons changed. 
 
2. Out of 1 GB ram u have only 882MB available out of that u have approx 430-450MB Free. 
 
3. 1.2 Ghz Cortex works fine in it's range. 
 
4. Best part of mobile is Display. 
 
5. Can play 1080p Video also. 
 
6. Battery back up is last 24-26 hr. 
 
7 Friendly UI, Both SIM perfectly working. 
 
8. Fast Boot up. 
 
Conculusion 
 
Display : 9.5/10 
Performance : 8/10 
Camera : 6/10 
UI : 9/10 
Multitasking : 8.5/10 
 
Negative Point : 
 
Headphone is just for name you have to buy a good from outside. 
Takes 2.5 hr to charge fully battery. 
No Restart option.Best Budget Google Phone.Finally bought this phone at launch after waiting since Nov 2013. Love the stock android feel with minimal touches by Motorola. Almost stock android requires less power and hence no complaints on the processor or ram front. The Interface is fluid and super smooth. Kitkat update already rolled out as promised by motorola. You can see which phones get this upgrade. The screen resolution and colour rendering is stunning. Looks much better in hand than on screen, feels well put together. Battery is non removable but still delivers a good days use. The camera is good in daylight but struggles in low light. Small compromise, but overall a balanced phone giving you the best experience under Rs.15000. Finally a device that's compared to flagships and yet comes out very close.MotoG-16 GB-Ultimate phone-justifies Price range.The phone is good in looks with handy grip due to the rubbrized back and 4.5 inches IPS HD screen. 
The processor performance is good as a 1.2 GHZ -Quad Core Snapdragon, 1 GB RAM make switching between Apps quick, The GPU is Adreno 305 good for gaming even the heavy games like Real Racing runs Smoooth. Gorilla Glass-3 is scratch resistant but will suggest you to apply a screen guard for sure. 
Bought many snap-ons for changed looks. 
 
The phone is packed with great specs except the camera- ugliest in the 5 megapixel Range even the camera software doen't have much options to choose from.Daylight images are satisfactory. 
 
Earlier had a Sony Xperia Mini Pro- it was just Awesome with 5 megapixels. 
 
MOto G 16 GB is a great Deal, however, you can have a look at HTC 610 and LG L90, compare and choose as per your need.Life ruined. Phone not in stock..This might be a great phone. I would have been qualified to say that only if I could hold one in my hand. For now, no one can because this damn thing has been out of stock for ages. 
 
My lawyer ordered one 10 days ago, and she is still waiting. I haven't been able to talk to her because her Blackberry dies as soon as she picks up a call. Motorola! I need to talk to my lawyer. Imagine how you would have felt when Apple sued you and you weren't able to reach YOUR lawyer. Ship this thing already!Moto G D Best.I am more than happy by having this phone . At this cost and added 10% discount by flipkart making it only 12600 bucks.... its a great deal . 
 
And the performance of the phone is superb for a normal user . I am using it for more than 20 days but didn't find any issue which will be a problem . 
 
Camera quality is good in sufficient light , battery backup is great . Sound quality over call is not so great but ok . 
 
Many users complain of memory space coz there is no slot/option for external cards . I ask why we need external card slot ? We can simply connect our pendrives/hard drives to the phone, simple, if we need more memory space while we are traveling to watch movies or songs . where is the problem ? 
 
A big thumbs up from my side . Go and grab this phone if you have a budget of 20000 or less . 
 
Thats All.Great Phone | Sucker policies.I bought the product to upgrade or downgrade from iPhone 4S and the experience with MOTO G was joyous. 
It offered better performance, Screen Size &amp; Resolution. 
The only downside i found is for the Camera, which is good enough for 5MP 
 
The Jellybean was soon upgraded to Kitkat, Camera Quality increased a bit atleast in the phone's screen. 
Personally, It took some time to get used to with Phone Calling Interface switching from iPhone 
They Battery backup is surely good and my full charge easily lasts a day where Iphone would sleep in the evening. 
 
One bug i have in my phone is that phone vibrates while typing even when the Vibrate with touch is turned off. 
 
Just another thing to add that Flipkart was quick to deliver but i ended up losing Rs. 1400 with them or Axis Bank. Period(from and for flipkart)Damn online retail model.The online retail only model is ridiculous. I don't know how long will motorola continue to sell it in India through flipkart. Many would like to have hands on the phone before buying and this model is not at all good.THE BEST PHONE @ THIS PRICE RANGE !!.I WAS WAITING FOR THIS PHONE SINCE 2013(AFTER RELEASING US) BUT I HAVE NO LUCK . I BROUGHT SAMSUNG GALAXY GRAND QUTTRO FOR MY MOM AND S DUOS 2 FOR MY SISTER . I BROUGHT THIS FOR MY FRIEND ! . 
 
TRUST ME THIS IS THE BEST ANDROID PHONE I EVER USED . IN 2011 I BROUGHT SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 @ 29500 . I WOULD SAY DISPLAY , BATTERY , PERFORMANCE ARE INCREASED SIGNAFICANTLY IN THIS BUDGET PHONE WHEN COMPARING TO MY S2. AND S2 HAVE A 8MP CAMERA . THAT IS GOOD AND MOTO ONLY HAVE 5 , BUT BETTER FLASH AND GOOD PHOTOS FOR THIS PRICE . 
 
SO THIS IS 2014 AND IF YOU WISH TO SPEND 14K FOR A SMART PHONE . THIS IS THE BEST OPTION FOR YOU ... AND THE FINAL CHOICE IS YOURS .PUSHING 8GB VARIANT.Think flipkart is pushin the 8gb variant by showin the 16gb variant as out of stock. Good ploy flipkart. But enough of the play. Kindly restart sellin the 16 gb variant as wellSuperb phone... Excellent Service by Flipkart.I got a little late to book the phone in the first two days and as every one knows, the phone went out of stock. I waited impatiently for the 16GB version to be in stock again. On the 7th itself the phone appeared back again on the website but with the 'reserve now' option instead of the usual 'buy now'. 
 
It was clearly mentioned that it would take at least 10-20 days for the product to be shipped. I resigned to my fate and expected the phone to be delivered to me by the end of Feb. To my utter surprise I got a notification that my phone has been shipped on the 12th itself and I received it just the next day. 
 
Considering the unprecedented mad rush for this device, i think it was excellent service. 
 
The phone in itself is a beauty and works like magic. Very happy. Flipkart.com , you never let us down. :-)Awesome Phone!!.just bought it from flipkart...delivery was insanely fast.... been using it from last week..and overall its a 5 star phone considerig the price range... 
1. the only drawback is high percentage of battery usage by display....it will soak up your battery very fast..so keep your brightness level as low as possible and also screenlock time as low as possible..... 
2.second drawback is its camera...5MP camera is very good..takes clear daylight/sunlight pictures...has flash...but the quality of flash pictures(after evening) are not that great...so i will give only 3stars to Moto g camera... 
3. otherwise performance so far is superb...never lags...3g/2g internet speed is superb...hardly any glitches...with low brightness level sufficient battery backup....multitasking of apps is very good, no lagging in that...After a months use (Excellent Battery).I had a Samsung Galaxy S2 before I sold it and brought this Mini-Giant :) I had used SGS2 for a year and half and was pretty happy with the performance and everythinh (Screen, Camera) except the battery. Since the first day the battery was a major issue. Thats the reason i shifted to Moto G. 
 
The day i started using i felt the phone was way too faster than SGS2 and I had a feeling battery would die soon. I had charged to 100% on first and I noticed it didnt die for 2 days. Full 48 hours. I couldnt believe then i started checking each time. With full usage (2g/wifi all time, Location on ) it came upto 36 hours atleast. That was insance atleast double the life of SGS2. The OS is just too good. The fastest thing i have seen till now. I have used (Lumia 720, SGS2, SGS3 for a few days) This is just the best.EXCELLENT MOBILE,ATTRACTIVE PRICE RANGE AND GOOD SERVICE FROM FLIPKART.I HAVE ORDERED MOTO G 16 GB VARIENT ON 16TH MARCH AND RECEIVED ON 19TH MARCH. 
FIRST I HAVE TO SAY THANKS FOR FLIPKART FOR TIMELY DELIVERY. 
NOW ABOUT MOBILE:-ITS A REALLY DREAM MOBILE FOR ME IN THIS PRICE RANGE. 
TOUCHSCREEN SENSITIVITY IS AMAZING (BUTTERY SMOOTH) ON 4.4KITKAT SCREEN ICONS LOOKS EXCELLENT. 
FROM LAST 1 MONTH IM USING THIS PIECE,NO ISSUES REGARDING BATTERY BACKUPS. 
ITS PROCESSOR ALSO VERY FAST COMPARE TO OTHER PHONES IN THIS RANGE. 
CAMERA IS LITTLE BIT DISAPPOINTING.(5 MEGAPIXLE REAR CAMERA AND 1.3 MEGAPIXLE FRONT ONE) 
OTHERWISE IM 100% SATISFIED WITH MOTO G . 
NO ISSUES ABOUT MOTO G AFTER HANDLING IT FOR A PERIOD OF ONE MONTH. 
SO MY HONEST SUGGESTION IS IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A MOBILE IN PRICE RANGE NEAR ABOUT 13K TO 14K THEN I DEFINITELY SUGGEST YOU TO GO FOR MOTO G WITHOUT ANY HESITATION.Amazing Phone, Worth Every Penny.I needed a new phone, when I moved to a new company, for my new office number. Was not at all interested in BlackBerry, though I like its Qwerty Keypad and battery life. After much research on different forums, I zeroed in 'Moto G'. 
I can not tell you, how happy I'm for my decision. I have my office mail configure, and some other important apps installed. And Boy, I don't have to worry about the battery life.. Its amazing. This is one phone that can easily survive whole day of work- Mails, calls, Sms &amp; Whatsapp with Gprs/ WiFi. Resolution and and form is perfect, if you have to carry two phones ( I have GS3 as my first phone, with personal no). Pure Android OS experience is amazing. 
Would recommend you this phone any day, if you want to spend not more than 20K. 
Well done Motorola &amp; Google.MOTO G in my hand.Hi 
So finally you are considering it to buy that's why you are here.In general straight answer the answer is very nice and convincing at this price range which is almost beating up to 15K phone. 
Pros: 1. Nice touch. 
   2. Satisfactory battery backup. 
   3. very nice sound quality on speaker. 
Cons: 
   1. Camera quality is just works fine although satisfactory when object not moving      very fast and day light. 
   2. Back and other app navigation buttons which are not on panel some time does not visible due to other third party application's bug. 
   3. some space at the lower side is useless (may be hardware required it). So the back button and app navigation buttons could be shifted there. 
 
Over All nice purchase through flipkart keep it going and buys it.Moto G, the best Rs14,000 can buy..I ordered it a few days back. A lot of people were complaining of the poor service, I think the service was good. Also the phone is fantastic. 
 
GOOD 
Screen is good. 
Camera is decent for instagram and front cam is good for clicking selfies 
Processor working fine. 1GB is enough. Phone doesn't hang when I play games like Subway Surfer. 
Battery life is brilliant lasts around 14-18 hours a day depending on use. 
Instant update of 4.4.2, works just fine. 
It suits my needs. 
 
BAD 
Less memory space, personally 13.5 GB(out of 16GB available) is more than enough for me. 
Smaller screen compared to other handsets but its okay. 
Poor quality headphones but you can always buy other ones. 
 
Most Important: It is just for Rs14,000. It is an amazing phone and totally worth it. I call it the Nexus Mini. Perfect name for it.Moto g.Moto g is a good value product with the most essential items packaged in the optimal price. 
Hope it had a memory card slot rather than a dual sim feature. 
and a better cameravery good phone at this price...Everything is quite good. But you need to understand that this may be latest android version but it's raw android. Means you will miss modified UI here. 
Quality is good. doesn't lag. Screen size is very good, not much bigger as well as not small. Handy. 
I don't play games so can't comment on gaming feedback. 
Found two small bugs.. Informed Motorola.. 
1) No enter (To start a new line) button in messaging. Motorola suggest to use a third party app. 
2) Very little (Only 1%) distorted text in mails, news etc. You'll not notice it usually and there is no issue in reading. It just visible in 1 out of 100 characters. 
One more feedback... It's having gorilla glass 3 but take care of your phone. One of my friend accidentally dropped it on concrete road.. glass was ok but screen broken. Might be it's only one incident but just take care of your phone.I know its a good phone.. bad rating for making tieup with flipkart.When i ordered the phone, delivery date is mentioned as 10th feb. Later i got a message saying that its delayed to 17th feb. When i called customer care, he is saying that it is out of stock. If they don't have stock, why it allowed me to buy the phone. 
 
I said him that i will be out of town on 17th feb. He is saying me to cancel the order..... Is this way to handle customer? 
 
I paid through my card for this. My friend opted cash on delivery. For him they cancelled the order themselves. 
 
Flipkart is testing with the customers.Great phone at an exceptional price.I received my phone in 3 days from Flipkart. I appreciate the quality packing of Flipkart. 
There isn't much I can write about the Moto G what is not already written all over the internet by expert reviewers. The phone lives up to its reputation. For what it packs, it is flawless. Great build quality. Feels solid in the hand. Materials used are high grade and worth much more the price. Stock android is the best part of the phone. It runs smooth and lag free and should handle most apps without breaking a sweat. The screen quality is another highlight. HD resolution at this price point with Gorilla Glass is more than anyone can ask for at this price range. 
The only downside being non-removable battery. However, I do not believe people use a phone more than 2-3 years which is also the life of a battery.Wonderful Phone!!!! (Honest review).I was surprised that Flipkart delivered it in just 32 hours after I ordered the phone. 
 
Only let back of the device is that it contains Stock android, without any customization, if you know what I mean. Apps sometimes close abruptly (happens with most android devices) 
 
Having said that, everything else looks amazing about the phone. 
1. It's lighter and less thinner that it looks. 
2. Superfast. 
3. It's got the latest android 4.4.2. 
4. Superior build quality. 
5. Phone resembles Google Nexus 4. Looks like a very expensive 30 - 40k plus phone. 
6. All games I ve played worked smoothly without lag. 
7. SOUND QUALITY IS AWESOME. 
 
All the above features will let you forgive the small let backs. The phone has good value for money. 
 
I give 5 stars for the Quick service by Flipkart and this wonderful phone.Worth the money..Pros other than mentioned: 
1)Able to play even 1080p videos without much lag. 
2)720p videos played smoother. 
3)Display is crisp and clear. 
4)100+ MB games played well without getting heated up. 
5)Installed 50+ apps and still interface was smoother. 
6)Battery at its best even after heavy usage. Motorola has always got its best at this. 
7)External Speaker has good output. 
 
Cons: 
1)Camera quality is average for both photos and HD videos. 5mp HD videos can be better as in other phones. 
2)No USB cable, we get a complete pinned charger which cannot be detached from its main. 
3)Very average type headset with a mic. 
4)To insert the sim the back cover has to be removed ,no provision for direct insertion. 
5)Basic google nexus type interface with very less customization's. 
6) U get 12GB free space for 16GB model.Phone is worth a try, coz its the best in the price range.Honestly i really liked the design of the phone, but there r some cons in this phone which u actully not worry about, u may need to buy few apps to enjoy some features, like it laks a file manager, n a proper music player, rest every thing goes up well, battery is good enough for this phone, u can have it charged quickly, n it doesnt dissapoint u at any time,. 
i use only dual sim, so its giving me easily til 22 hrs like that on continuse usage,. there r some heavy games i play for which i never faced a lag.! (seriously a very big satisfaction) coz i moved up from samsung to Motorla. earlier i was using s duos s7562, which was a horribel experience. the camera in moto g is pretty decent n it manages to take pictures but not the way every one would like it,. its just like any ordinary primary shooter,.Amazing phone @ a great price..It is a great phone and surprisingly at a good cost.... 
1.2 GHz Quad core processor, 1 GB RAM, Corning Gorilla Glass 3 are the main highlights which does perform as expected. I have installed quite a number of personal and business apps and the phone has never been slow so far. It operates on Android 4.4.2 which is currently the latest one from Google and has a very smooth experience.. The use and feel is great. 
The only downfall is the camera which is sort of OK but definitely not bad. 
In summary, when compared to average phone of around 14 - 20K INR this steals the show and is clearly a winner. 
If you are looking for a great phone and want pay the price of budget smart phone Moto G is your answer. 
 
P.S - I also own a Note II and Lumia 720 and in comparison would rate Moto G better in many aspects.Moto G - Value for Money Phone for Average Phone Users.Seldom you come across a product which offers the best of technology at an affordable price, Moto G is that product! It has a superb build quality, powerful software and a more than average hardware configuration. 
 
Its perfect for an average user who has a balanced usage pattern. Its also apt for a user transitioning into touch phone for the first time. 
 
Screen is sharp, touch is very responsive and all top applications run without any lag or glitch. Camera is capable of capturing reasonably good quality images. 
 
Managing memory might become tricky and problematic as time passes since you don't have an option to expand it. 
 
As of today you wont find a much better phone at that price. There isn't much any other sub 20,000 INR phone can do that Moto G can't! 
 
So at about 13,000 INR just go for Moto G!My First Android Device - 95% Satisfied With The Product.Hi, 
 I am writing this review after using this phone for 30 days. I am Satisfied with this product. I am very much satisfied with the service provided by Flipkart. i can give 10 out of 10 for Flipkart. Got replacement for my phone two times because of Call Feature Issue.I thought the issue is with hardware. 
 
 Coming to phone i am going to tell the drawbacks i noticed during these 30 days. 
1. Camera - Decent - 3/5 ( Good in Daylight ) 
2. Call Feature - It has some software issue, They are working on it expecting an update soon. Cannot hear anything sometimes, after rebooting the device everything is fine. 
 
 Other than these two factors everything is extraordinary : 
Performance, Build Quality, Graphics, Battery Life and Display. 
No need of second thought.For the price..it's obviously the best!.High-end low budget phone! 
 
Pros: 
- Premium build quality 
- Great display, vivid and sharp and good color reproduction 
- Smooth OS, lag free operation 
- After KitKat update, everything is just smoother and more responsive 
- Love the Google now 'Ok Google' voice commands, intuitive and fun 
- Great battery life, I'm a heavy user..and it lasts me a day with a single charge 
- Simple, clean minimalist design 
 
Cons: 
- Loudspeaker..not so loud 
- Don't expect too much from the camera (not a big problem) 
- Memory not expandable..go for the 16GB!! 8Gb variant..even after fresh install..only around 5gb free. 
 
All in all, it's a great phone, no regrets.If you have no interest in photography or if you have a camera.go for it.The only con with this phone is its downtrodden camera that seriously disappoints in indoor photography n guess what, most of the times we are outdoors when we actually need to get a photograph clicked. If the lighting conditions are sufficient, the camera does the job but if not, don't go on boasting about your new phone's camera in front of your friends. 
 
If you can bypass this thing like me, as I have a camera as well as my old phone which has a pretty awesome camera(being a Nokia), then buy this without any further delay. 
 
Also, apart from this everything is just awesome and this phone is really much more than what I had imagined to get for such a price point. Go for the 16GB variant in an case, you'll get only around 5 GB in the 8 GB model of Moto G. 
 
Enjoy shopping with Flipkart, I always do!!!Worth the wait!.The Moto G was eagerly awaited for months, and it proved to be worth that wait. 
 
The interface is simple and easy to get a hang of, the build quality is great, the camera is good, and the display is crystal. 
 
The battery backup is great, and will definitely NOT have you running around frantically looking for a charging point. 
Despite taking a lot of calls, the battery lasts for at least 2 days. 
 
When you see these positives, the price is really very reasonable. 
 
So far, no complaints at all; it's been a good 3 weeks. 
 
With the Moto G in the market, it's a wonder that people even want to buy phones of other brands. 
 
If you're looking for an uncomplicated phone, with a great battery backup, and ease of use, Moto G is the way to go. 
 
Flipkart did a great job of delivering the phone sooner than expected.nice phone ...I bought moto g through flipkart.. And I went for in a day delivery.. And got it within 24 hours. The service of flipcart is really cool.. Now about mobile I has a fantastic screen of 4.5 inches with fantastic touch display. With gorilla protection glass. I has good proccesor speed a nice ram capacity. Cool to play games and it has updates version of android 4.4.2 KitKat. WiFi connectivity is fine. My first android phone and luv it. I previously used Samsung bada os and apple 3g.. Now am happy to use android.. Its a best handy.. The camera did his work for his 5mp. And front camera is okay.. The only problem is with battery. It lasts 8 to 10 hours after usage of internet and media. The main thing that attracts me is perfect media audio.. I luv to hear songs in my new device.. Overall a good mobile.move to go google ang google with motorola.This is the best of best phones under 15k so as to killer Beware Samsung , moto is here. This phone is way better than even above 20000 samsung galaxy shits. It feels super smooth. Absolutely no lag in anything. Gaming performance is also very good. Do note that all this it does in 1GB RAM , so this means that blind hardware specs have no meaning on performance. 
 
From the physical build point of view it feels rock solid. You can actually search up youtube videos on its drop test. This is also liquid resistant , so if you accidentally drop it in water it will just work. There's also one video in youtube where its dropped for 30 minutes and it still works. Really crazy!! 
 
Bottom line is this is the highest ended phone among the low end spec phones and it raises the bar quite high. So just go for it.Best phone for this price.This is the best phone I have ever got ,I have used both nexus 4 and 5 but I like MotoG than the other two, because of two reasons. 
1) Display is the main attraction and the feel that you get with this phone is really cool 
2) Performance is awesome even if we are installing lot of apps and games. It is snappier even with lot of apps open. 
3) Pricing - For 14K the most you can get from reputed brand is a dual core processor with a qHD display or probably a way outdated quad core processor phone(eg. Samsung Quattro) MotoG beats every other phone in this segment. 
Overall I love my MotoG and it gets my job done the way I want. 
I am very much happy to have bought it from flipkart on the first day. Losers who rated this product 1 star just because they couldn't order it on time, really need to grow up.Excellent.I have been using this phone from last one month and what I experienced is excellency. it never hangs on even HD videos or big games likes modern combat and asphalt 8. graphics and display are awesome. camera is equivalent to 8MP of the same price range. touch is really great and screen is really scratch proof and water resistant. But best thing is multitasking on this phone. processor is faster then any phone upto range of 30000 except moto x and nexus 5. It is best phone you can get at this price. Non removable battery works great. some people complained of battery drain but its all because of viruses and poor apps. charge 100% in night and use till 0%. and non expendable memory is less prone to viruses as well as getting damaged.it has longer life. After kitkat update it has been working great.ITS AWESOME 'GREAT'.Overwhelming response by indian mobile lovers to MOTO G.I had purchased a Moto G on the date of launch from flipkart and I am fully satisfied with the product as well as its delivery. Flipkart delivered it as on the date promised. I have gifted the phone to my beloved wife. This phone is really stylish and value for money. and hats off to Motorola for upgrading phone to Kitkat version of Android as promised within days. Far far better than products like micromax and even upper range mobiles of samsung, HTC, nokia are no where in comparison. Really a game changer and best mobile I ever used by motorola. 
Ya I can proudly say its.....MOTO G guys go get it. I am desperately waiting for another blockbuster THE MOTO X(coming soon) for myself. 
Ragards 
VJ-ChandigarhAmazing Package for a great price.Moto G.. i will just say it.. it is really awesome package. and well spent. 
i dont need to stat the specs for u.it is all in the website. its specs is almost same as of the 25k phones in the market. 
The build is ordinary, back looks like of chinese build, but soon u put a case.. that changes. 
the Screen is one of highlights.. great display and colour depth. 
Most of the Hi end games run smoothly on it and multi tasking is a pleasure. 
the android 4.4 is a breeze to use. it looks like nexus 4 at the first glance. 
as many will say the problem is no SD card slot.. but in reality, the phone usually runs smoothier/faster with internal storage memory. 
kudos to moto G for a good package. 
I had previously owned Motorola XPRT and E398. i must say i have enjoyed the Motorola era.. but it is quite underrated.Great Phone.The moto G is one hell of a phone.i grabbed this beauty on the release day itself.it's buttery smooth, crisp , sharp and just awesome.never lags or hangs. net surfing on this phone is a pleasure as it's fast and smooth. don't know the reason why you tube videos are not fitting in to it's large screen leaving a lot of fringe space.camera quality is pretty average and storage space can be an issue for people who like to carry their world everywhere they go.regarding service centers , flipkart sent me a list of lenovo service centers in kerala since motorola now belongs to them.battery back up is above average but again it's not removable.all in all this phone is a real steal at this price because it makes you feel like a proud owner of a high end phone with it's features at a very competitive price.Excellent budget smartpfone!.as usual excellent packaging and timely delivery by flipkart. been using it since a couple of weeks without facing any technical glitches. no problem with the kitkat version as portrayed by many. 
battery life is also great, works for 2 days with internet on. compact size, perfect for women who have problem in carrying bulky mobiles. the touch is awesome, saying so as i have been a HTC user! motorola migrate is a great app, transfered everything including call logs. photo quality is also great as compared to the 5MP camera which i had in HTC phone. the lime green flip over is also great in look and is magnetic in nature, so remains adhered to the mobile which i didnt find with other company models. Overall an excellent budget phone in the range of 15K, could compete with samsung glossy phone seriesGood phone with some drawbacks..I am using this phone since last 3 weeks and I am absolutely loving it.everything is fantastic about this device.Gaming is superb.Screen is incredible.Network is good. WiFi range is not as good as Samsung and Nokia devices. Camera is decent but the problem I am facing with it is,70 to 80% times I tried opening up my camera it showed error. Even just before writing this review I tried to open it to about 30 times and every time it showed the same result.I am also struggling with its YouTube streaming as it also shows error most of the times irrespective to internet connection.After tapping it continuously for about 5 to 6 times it starts playing videos.I don't know whether problem is with my device only or with other's as well. If anyone else is facing the same problem,do comment on my review plz.Still a learner, it gives a huge package..First of all it's all about marketing but i haven't search such a powerful device in that range. 
I just love that Processor many of processor comes after that can't beat Qualcom Snapdragon quad core(with graphics accelerator) . i just love it's speed. 
Water repellent coating and gorilla glass are the unique features of that. One should have this device it's a milestone as i know about this phone as in budget. 
 
 
Now, come to it's drawbacks... 
1. Camera but still good with apps and still photography. 
2. not support call recording (without speaker mode) 
3. No NFC for smart communication. 
4. It's weight 
5. Earphone with set is not that much good 
6. No expendable Memory 
 
 But still overall I just love that before that i had used Nokia Lumia 820 and Grand. it is better than both of them.Go for it.Awesome phone in this price range.I was earlier using samsung galaxy y phone which I purchased for 8k two and half years ago. The price for Moto g is almost same if we take into consideration inflation. But the phone is way ahead from my earlier phone. 
Pros: 
 1. Very fast. 
2. Very good battery backup. It lasts close to two days with more than average use of wifi and data. 
3. excellent built quality. It feels like a very expensive phone in the hand. Screen and body material are of very high quality. 
4. very good camera. Far better than other phones which are in 20 k price range. 
 
Cons.: 
did not find any. 
 
If you are planning for a smart phone in this price range of 10k I would suggest stretch little bit and buy this phone. If you are planning for a smart phone in 20k range I suggest buy this phone and save your money :).Moto G is a great buy!.I was looking for a not very expensive phone primarily to read office emails. 
This phone is the best in value! No other phone in this range gives 1 GB RAM and quad core processor. 
I was looking at the lumia phones earlier, but the ones with a good screen and specs in the range of 17 to 18K, have 512 MB RAM. 
Although i dont use the phone for games , 512 MB still slows down the phone a bit I think. 
Also, the screen size of moto g, 4.5 inch is perfect for one-hand use. 
I got an update today to download the latest kitkat version of android as well. 
The camera of moto g doesnt have good reviews, but i use the camera only for casual photographs, for serious photography, a digital camera is always the best! 
The screen is smooth, the phone looks similar to the nexus family phones. 
All in all, go for it!ambitious phone but wont recommend produxt to others.I'm a first time android user. I knew there is only as much money can buy when you pay 14k for a phone. But being Motorola and Google tie up I was expecting some basic hygiene. The phone I received seemed very justifiable for its weight and looks, the Google app store has every app you want that you might have used on a blackberry or an iPhone. The sounds quality is excellent and display size is good. But within few days of use I started to notice heavy flickering in my screen. Which was odd since I haven't once dropped my phone and haven't even exhausted 20% or memory space on the phone? Then the problem grew and grew and grew. It's been an irritating week and half cause of this problem. Despite multiple phone restarts there seems to be no change. In fact the problem seems to be getting worse!Bang for Buck! Moto G revolutionizing the Indian mid-range Smart Phone game!.At 14k for 16 GB one,it's an absolute steal! Device is playing all the apps and games buttery smooth, display is actually of higher density than the iPhone 5s and OS is almost pure android. But the best feature till now is that of battery life,been using many apps/multitasking but battery usage is so very less. I actually had no intention of buying this phone(was looking at micromamax,karbon,xolo etc in this price range) coz knew that just like the nexus devices the prices would be in the high range, but the moment flipkart announced the prices I jumped to buy this and was waiting for the midnight launch. Because I knew that it'll be out of stock if I got it morning. Good thing I bought it the moment the page went live.Because by 12:10 am it was off stock!Value for Money fone.In ordered MotoG 8GB on 22nd March flipkart delivered it on 24th March, It is an excellent phone under 15k, Most of the Pros and cons have already written by others so no point in mentioning the same thing. I am unable to transfer the data from my old android to this new phone i tried transferring data using motorola migrate followed all the procedure some how the old phone was not recognizing the barcode from MotoG, so i had to use the computer to copy contacts,Image etc. but i dont find the option to Import/export the old Messages for MotoG even though my older version of android phone (ginger bread) has that capability to import/export messages it is really surprising that they have removed this option for Kitkat. 
Other than that it is excellent phone and highly recommended under this rangeAmazing Product, Amazing experience with Flipkart.Moto G, the product itself is fantastic.. great touch screen, great audio quality, camera is great.. Android 4.3 is superb.. what more does one want! 
 
More amazing is the shopping experience with Flipkart. Prompt delivery is the USP here.. i ordered the product using the mobile App at around 11:00 pm on Friday night and by the midnight the product was already dispatched and i got an sms alert for the same. I have my specified my office address as the address for delivery - the delivery person called on Sunday morning and politely checked if i was available to receive the product on that day! i had actually chosen the 1 day guarantee to make sure i got the delivery on Monday - but to my surprise, they were ready with delivery on Sunday itself! Superb logistics engagement! Keep it up Flipkart!!A smartphone with high possibilities.I got this phone on April 23rd with kitkat version . 
Pros: 
After starting it I checked all the apps and the phone did not hang anytime and all the apps ran smoothly much for my astonishment. 
I checked the cameras and primary one gives more clarity ,secondary one gives somewhat blue shade to pictures. And it gives more clarity when watching videos. 
Gaming experience is superb. 
Google now is terrific! 
Internet surfing is superb and fast.. 
 
Cons: 
But sometimes google play store stops responding (only sometimes). 
And memory is limited.(but it is ok for those who need a good quality phone only) 
And at last the speaker little low... 
Most of all it upholds the quote ie, &ldquo;value for money&quot; 
 
So I suggest those who want to go for grand 2 to go for moto gAffordable and efficient.I bought this phone for my father. Since Motorola is a google company now therefore one can simply expect the best out of the software and the user interface. The UI is smooth and user friendly. Motorola has got some of its own additional features such as security and assist softwares which are quite thoughtful. 
The body is way more superior with polished and matte finish, compared to other cellphones at this budget. The battery runs a full day without any problem and with continuous usage. 
Truly I always wanted Motorola to be back in the market and take their deserving place as they were the pioneer of mobile tech. I thank google to have revived the company and get it back in business. I also thank flipkart to partner and market such a great product.What we really should know about this product. :).First of all i would like to appreciate Flipkart for their quick delivery. I recently bought the 16GB variant of this phone which came with an Android updated KitKat 4.4.2 version. Phone is rich in looks and has got perfect handling. I would recommend this phone to each and everyone looking for a Smart phone under 20K. 
 
Pro's 
------ 
- Smooth 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, Quad Core working in 1 GB RAM which run's applications with an ease. 
- 4.7&quot; IPS LCD with 16 M Display color 
- Adreno 305, 450 MHz Single Core For smooth game play 
- Amazing Secondary Camera for high quality video conferencing 
- Touch response 
 
Con's 
-------- 
- Poor quality Headset 
- Software Issues after Android KitKat 4.4.2 update (Usb OTG feature missing, Wifi and Data connectivity issues) 
- Primary Camera 
- WeightHiii MOTO.I ordered the phone on 7th and was delivered on 12th. It was an excellent service by flipkart. 
The downside is that I had to change the shipping address due unavailability of courier service. I would request flipkart to expand the logistic support throughout India. 
 
Now about Moto G(16 GB) its marvellous phone . Yesterday I got the Official KITKAT india update. 
Thats amazing from Motorola. Performance is on par with many high end phones like S4, LG G2(though not that fast). Battery life is not that good, as I expected a little more. But thats ok as MOTO G is the first phone to get KITKAT update in India other than Nexus line. 
Camera is good in day light but bit worse in night or low light condition. 
Speaker volume is high but sound quality and earpiece quality could be little more better. 
 
OVERALL ITS A GREAT PACKAGE FOR Rs 13999u gotta buy this ! very exceptional phone.I ordered this phone on feb 8th and i got it on feb 13 i,e Thursday and i am happy to have this phone in my hand today i feel so awesome buying it... 
 
style and feel of the phone is solid 
music clarity very audiophilicious 
display clarity is simply vivid , beauty and stunning... 
processor performance is great and hardly you can find no lag ... 
camera is OK .... 
storage is &gt;12 gb ... that's more than enough for users.. 
 
overall performance was very phenomenal ... 
 
MOTOROLA has got a grand re entry to Indian market.. 
Flipkart delivery and packaging is awesome .. u guys carry on the good work ! because we are counting on you ! **waiting for kitkit update** 
 
Really want to taste the chocolate flavored UIBest budget android mobile.Moto G is the best budget android mobile (~15k INR) 
 
The phone feels well built, of quality materials and it handles well (can almost be use one-handed). I would have preferred the volume button on left. 
 
Pros 
- good quadcore processor handles tasks easily given the 1GB of RAM 
- not much fluff on top of Android4.3 and guaranteed update to 4.4 
- good looking screen with vibrant colors and great resolution/DPI 
- built-in FM radio (yes, I'm old-fashioned but it was a must for me) 
- camera is decent for a phone 
- LED is powerful enough and makes a good spot for using as flashlight 
- dual sim 
 
Cons 
 
- no SD card (this is more of a fault to me since I like to put loads of music on my phone and thus only 4 star rating. You get ~12GB free with the 16GB version)There are a few things I would like to say about this: 1. This item DID NOT come in the original iPhone box. 2. The charger for the iPhone DOES NOT work. 3. When information from amazon was confusing at first during a chat session, the seller didn't even read the PDF file attached to a complaint including such confusing information, and I got customer service in a very rude and unpleasant attitude. I was even threatened to be reported to Amazon, situation that never happened and I have e-mails and evidence to proove it. 4. I got 10 usd in reward from amazon for the whole situation, which DOES NOT compensate all I went through. Conclusion: I still have a locked phone with Sprint with a charger that doesnt work, and my problem remains unsolved. Sorry but if there was a chance to give MedMedia246 half a star or even a NEGATIVE rate i would definetely do it.Came in yesterday! No scratches or cracks or anything! I turned it on and it wasn't still connected to someone else's number, when I turned it on it had the activation process ready to go! The phone was already charged too! It didn't come in an iPhone box but it came in a box with padding(which makes me feel better) and a charger and a charging cube. I was so excited when it came in, and even more so when I knew that there wasn't anything wrong with it! Going to the store today to activate it and everything! Even came earlier than the estimated shipping date!I am a frequent customer of Amazon. I recently bought an iPhone 4s off of Amazon from ArYanna Evans for a total of $289.99. I am very furious with this seller because she lied about this item on her account. I have emailed her several times about my problems but she is adamant about not refunding my money. I feel as if she should because of the lie about my phone being scratch in the upper left hand corner when it is actually cracked. I feel as if her pictures were a misrepresentation as well seeing as how I saw no crack in the corner of the shots. I was willing to ignore the crack so I took it to the sprint store to change my phone. When the representative was looking at it she notice it was not deactivated, so she looked at the serial number and found out the account did not belong to Ms. Evans which made this phone seem stolen. Soon after, I emailed Ms. Evans back to let her know it hasn&#8217;t been deactivated and she has yet to deactivate or respond to my latest email. There&#8217;s nothing I can do with this phone.The iPhone 4S is a really great device to have and play around. I started this review just to give the Apple iPhone a fair shake and to truly understand what exactly I hate about the iPhone and why I talk down to it so much. I have been an Android fan since the first day Google announced their first phone the G1, after that day I loved Android. However this review is not what I hate about the iPhone rather the features between the two platforms. HARDWARE:The iPhone 4S is Apple's current phone and the physical hardware of the phone makes it look elegant and professional. The Phone comes in two different colors, White and Black. I love how the phone has a mute/unmute rocker switch on the left side of the phone, although I can turn on the phone and turn the volume down this little yet helpful feature made my life so much more easier. The phone is made out of a 3.5 inch edge-to-edge glass front and back with an aluminum band all around the side of the phone. Everything about this phone feels premium and sturdy however knowing this is made out of glass also made me worry more. If I were ever to drop this phone on any hard surface above 4 feet or higher will shatter the glass. At the bottom of the phone lives the speakers, this is a BONUS for me because I often lay my phone either face down or have the phone lay on its back and on most phones the speaker is on the back. Having the speaker on the bottom of the phone helps prevent any noise muffling or reduce the quality of sound. The back is where the camera and flash is located. This phone carries an 8 megapixel lens that is capable of capturing full 1080p videos and pictures. The photos on this camera is pretty decent and the video play back is also amazing however I expected more after hearing from everyone how great the camera quality was. SOFTWARE: The iPhone 4S is currently running IOS 5.1.1 however I manage to install IOS 6 BETA 2 on the phone to see what feature I will have if I do decide to stick with this phone. IOS6 won't be release until Fall. IOS 6 is really plain and simple any child, grandparents, or even parents could pick up the device and know how to navigate there way. The apps in the Apple Store are very useful to manage my daily life and also help me manage my finance like the app MINT. Texting on this phone took me a while to get used too and after two weeks I am still not that perfectly comfortable texting. I don't like the fact I have to long press on a word and move the magnification glass to the exact letter I want to fix because of auto spell. Also the dictionary on this phone really irritates me, if I want to add a word to my dictionary I would have to go to Settings/ General/ Keyboard/ Add New Shortcut and add the word soooooo annoying. I want it where I can tap on the word and just add it to my dictionary right when i'm texting. However the keys are perfectly spaced out, i'm just not used to texting with a small screen I am used to 4.5inch screens and above. I travel a lot so a navigational app is a MUST app for me. The IOS 5.1.1 currently does not have a turn-by-turn navigation system built in the OS (operating system) and after testing the GPS (global positioning system) out it provided the long route and sometimes they were wrong. The new IOS6 does have turn-by-turn navigation and after testing this GPS out I only had one issue with it, it sometimes take me to the longer route (but no biggy I guess). Siri is sometimes helpful and can minimize time depending what you ask it. I noticed asking Siri to remind me to call someone or remind me to do something was the best feature for me because sometimes typing it out would take too long. The Geo-Location on this phone works perfectly, for those who doesn't know what that is. If you need to remember something you can ask Siri to remind you to call or do something once you leave or get to a place and when you get there Siri will remind you through a popup notification without any time input. The Note and Reminder app will sync to any Apple computer, unfortunately unable to sync with PC (SAD LIFE FOR DAYS). Adding music, photos, movies, or anything else on this phone is pretty simple. Just plug in your iPhone and connect it to iTunes (Apples way to manage your apps and stuff) and select what you want to import. The WIFi (wireless fidelity also known for wireless networking) on this phone is really slow and downloading apps could sometimes take some time depending how many apps you are trying to download. The phone app is crystal clear but I did notice the volume was a little low and even though my hearing is not that great, compared to other devices you can definitely notice the difference. I never once got a drop call and being on the Sprint Network I always had phone signal everywhere I go however once I go through heavy walls in a building like the Best Buy staff lounge my signals was very weak. The New notification is very useful and being able to still get into my notification center while in a game or other full screen apps is a BIG plus for me. CONCLUSION: I do recommend this phone to those who want something simple, easy, and have something reliable at all times. However if you want a phone that has up-to-date GPS and travels a lot then consider Android. This phone is really great and don't have much complains other than those I mentioned above. Let me know what you think and if I left anything out I do apologize this is just several feature I noticed while using this phone for two weeks. This is just my personal opinion sharing to the world.I ended up returning the phone! I ordered an iPhone 4S for a sprint! When I got it, it was for a Verizon phone! Also, the lock button didn't work, and then the back kept slipping off, and lastly at the bottom of the screen it looked funky! I was frustrated cuz I was gonna give it as a gift to my fianc&eacute;e :( I emailed the seller, and asked about it, and they told me (check this out) they told me that somewhere (which I couldn't find!) that it said in the description not compatible with Sprint!! What?!?!! It was advertised as a Sprint phone! Anyways, the person started to argue with me and told me that I was wrong! Nice! Anyways... I returned it, and I got my money back, so I thank them for that... Never going to buy from them again!I ASK FOR A UNLOCKED IPHONE 4S WHITE, BUT I RECEIVE A LOCKED IPHONE 4S BY SPRINT LOCKED, WHEN THE ADD SAID FABRIC UNLOCKED, IT WAS A UNLOCKED IPHONE PRICE BUT IT WAS NOT UNLOCKED, SO I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED. AFTER ALL THAT HAD HAPPEN TO GET IT, IT WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED.The iPhone does not work. My service provider could not activate it because it still had an account associated to the serial number of the phone. I purchased as refurbished. While the phone may work (I really don't know because it can't be activated. The seller has been contacted and has not contacted me to resolve the problem. Why? I don't know other than they are not reputable, unprofessional, and could care less about their customers. Either way I would highly recommend Amazon remove them as a seller on their website. I am very disturbed and dissatisfied that I could be ignored as a customer and shown no respect about this issue. I will certainly pass this experience on to others, many others. I hope Amazon can lean on them to do what is right. A $330 rip-off is completely unacceptable for any so called, wanna be, legitimate company. I hope u can syndicate my feedback and get it to the right people!The reason of my complaint is that I could never unlock my iphone 4s order number # 105-7226210-6369867 to use it in Argentina. I went to three Technical Service to unlock it and everyone told me it can not be unlocked because is disabled by Sprint, possibly because the phone is stolen or has debts to the company. I need a solution as soon as possible because I've invested time and money trying to using it, moreover what I spent on the phone! Please I need you to contact me for a solution ASAP. I'm from Argentina, my mail is cfranchinotti@hotmail.com.the phone was unlockable...i couldnt unlock the phone and it didnt really work good. i tired almost all the ways to unlock it but it didnt work! the only way was to open a new account with sprint!...and i dont want to do that! like seriously...if i make a contract with sprint , then i can get a new iphone for almost 200$! but i paid almost 450! for a used one bad bad bad!I lost my money by buying this phone!!!!! I did not understand it was a locked phone!!! I live in Brazil and here there dont have SPRINT! It was the worst purchase of my life!! Is standing there in the drawer, serves no!!After I received this phone, I give it to my daughter for use and surprise, the phone was locked. I contacted the vendor to resolve the problem but I've never got a positive reply or resolution. We ended by paying more money to unlock the phone.Got the iPhone 4S brand new and I got a Otterbox Defender well I was at it and I never took it out of the case and everything was great till the Wi-Fi stopped working and my data connection got incredible slow that it was pain full I called Sprint to see why my data was slow and they didn't know why and told me to call Apple Care, so I got on the phone with Apple Care and because of one damn day I was over my 1 year warranty and they wanted me to pay $100.00 for Care and to talk to a Apple Tech which because I was tight on money I couldn't get the problem fixed so now I live with slow data even for 3G standards and my Wi-Fi option is grayed out and wont turn on went on apple.com and youtube.com an it said to Reset Network Settings which and it didn't work so I went to method number 2 which was to erase all my data and reinstall the OS back to 6.1.3 and that didn't do anything so now when I want to install a app or update a app over 50 MB I have to connect to iTunes thought my Data Transfer Cable / Charger which has become a pain in the a** and a innocence going to get the Samsung Galaxy S3 at MetroPCS officially done with Apple and iOS, Android has so much more to offer for way less.This is NOT a UNLOCKED phone, there is a debt against the phone or it is STOLEN. It was cracked on the front and back!! from top to bottom!!! I do not like to be lied to. This was my daughters birthday present and we are both upset and will never go to this company again!!!When I ordered it I was scared that it wouldn't come in. which, the phone came in. It is in PERFECT condtion. it's been a month. and I LOVE IT SO MUCH!!The phone Came in time and was able to go to the sprint store and he was able to get ever thing working on the phone and be able to use it right off the bay the phone come with ever thing and it looked like it was brand new !I got the phone a perfect time and the phone is as mention, ver good, works perfect no problems thank youThe phone was as described it was kept in very good conditions all its functions work properly and the best thing about it is it came super early so thanks manFast, sleek efficient works well in NYC on the sprint network Solid phone responsive and compact Very happy with itHe was fast and the phone was exactly the way he posted and the phone could not had been no better look brand new ... Was very happy from buying from him once I got it. Before I got It, i was a little scared he said no refunds or return once I brought, so as soon as I saw that my mind was every where but the phone was good no problems and I love the iphone I'm using it now for this review.My daughter wanted an IPhone desperately for Christmas, however with her plan she was not up for renewal until March. This phone is in excellent condition, arrived in just a few days after ordering and was by far my daughters favorite gift.THE PHONE IS ALL CRACKED AND LOCK BUTTON IS STUCK YET THE DESCRIPTION SAID USED:VERY GOOD CONDITION. ENOUGH HAS BEEN SAID.Not upto the mark..as they mentioned in portal....phone is not that good....so next time please give correct information about the products so that customers will no confuse....anyway its ok. my fault..:)Bear Grylls QQ group: 64430120 ,elvis998@msn.cn Good pants, very functional, very good in hot weather. Seams good be sewn a little better, but they are holding together well after a trip to Africa walking, on a safari, etc. Will be using them in the mountains back home for sure. They fit true to size in my opinion : size 34 in pretty much all my pants, and a 34 in these worked great.this was good but I didn't know that it will work in country or not. I am so upset after buying it.It is very beautiful, I love it&#65292;I am very satisfied &#65292; I will come to pick other things I loveGot this for my daughter and she seems happy. Very happy with it. Delivery was quicker then I thought it would beI HAD INTENDED TO USE THIS PHONE WITH BOOST MOBILE SERVICE BUT WAS TOLD THATI COULD NOT USE IT FOR ANYBODY BUT SPRINT! SO NOW I'M STUCK WITH A SPRINT PHONE AND DONT WANT A SPRINT SERVICE PLAN...this iphone saved my life and money as well. phone was brand new and I still have this phone. Was very pleased with this purchase and was so glad to find a new IPHONE on AMAZON for an affordabe priceI'm sure the mouse is very good,I use it and feel very well ,i like it very much ,I would buy it againThank you! Bought for my mom as a replacement device, price was right and will hopefully hold her over until she can upgrade thanks!I am bowled over by my phone! Not what I expected, for it arrived early, and there was not a scratch on the phone, like brand new! A pleasant surprise, thank you so much!Over all a very nice phone for the price. The only sign of it being used was a tiny scratch on the screen. My only issue with the phone is that the power button on the top broke within 2 weeks of me using it. I have been able to use assisted touch to still use the phone but it is rather annoying.And the home button is crooked!!!!!!!!!!!! Are you kidding me?! The phone works just fine otherwise, but whoever refurbished this didn't bother to clean it OR put the home button back in properly. The speakers, headphone jack hole, and the charging slot are all absolutely filthy and so clogged with dust, I am surprised they even WORK.my new iphone it is working great and I do not more problem whit it thank you if I see some ting better ill be by itthe iphone is better than other&#12290;i like it ,so i advice you can change it for your new phone ,cheap and goodI love this! Not only did the phone come so perfect, but it came in the original box with new headphones, a charger, and one of the outlet cube chargers. The phone did not have a scratch on it either. On top of all this, it shipped so fast! At first, the phone was not fully unlocked, but I emailed her and she completely unlocked the phone for me. I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone! I would also buy from this seller again. She was wonderful! (The person who sold it to me was Marsiffer's Book Barn, not this seller).I do NOT recommend using Sprint for cell service with iPhones. I've been a customer of Sprint's for 13 years and received a threatening letter from them, today, telling me that, (all of sudden) I am using too many roaming minutes on our two phones. I checked the phones and saw that, as I thought, data roaming was not turned on. I called Sprint and was told that although data roaming on iPhones may be turned off, it still uses data roaming and that you have to turn ALL roaming off. Seriously?! We live in the woods and I need my phone. The problem isn't with too much voice roaming, just data, but I can't use voice, either?! Nonsense! This is a problem between Sprint and Apple, not me. Sprint sold me the phones, Sprint sold the plan at this address, and now Sprint is mad because we're using the phones. Screw them, they can go ahead and drop me, I'll go to one of their competitors who are doing a better job than they are, in terms of coverage, anyway.The phone was what I ordered. I had no issues and I would use them again if I have another need.Battery is totally shot. Very disappointed. It turns off randomly. Total waste of money. Hopefully Sprint will repair it. SMH.Sprint would not activate the phone they said it was lost or stolen. The phone was in great shape when I received it, but could not be activated I looked for a phone # to call to see if I was doing something wrong but could not find one. I hope the return process goes well.There's a little blurry spot at bottom of screen. I didn't like that being on the screen. Not perfect :-(When I read the description, it stated that the phone would have light, minimal scratched on the screen. The front and back screen were in great condition, however, there were many more issues. The battery was toast, and shut the phone off at 20%. The metal frame is bent at the top of the phone, making it hard to use a case. The flash doesn't work. The camera has dark spots, the charger that came with the phone doesn't work. The speaker is blown, and people can't hear me. I contacted the seller, and the response was quick, but it was as useful as not contacting them at all. They offered to repair everything minus the metal frame, but I'd have to send the phone back on my dollar, and be stuck without a phone until they sent it back. Nothing else. Of course, I didn't send it back. Be very cautious when buying.I ordered these phones for my brother and niece, and didn't realize that they have to be 'unlocked' for the particular phone service you use. I have since returned them for a refund and my brother bought the correct ones locally.The phone is Sprint, but the SIM card tray was not from original phone. When I took it to Apple to have it activated, they used the IEMI from the SIM tray.That IEMI was from an AT&T phone, which immediately locked the phone to AT& T. They did a hard factory reset, it is still locked to AT&T. It is an expensive paperweight now. The phone was advertised to be in &#34;very good condition&#34; I would say the chipped glass corners, different SIM tray, the various scratches all over the phone, is NOT &#34;very good&#34; , maybe &#34;fair condition&#34; but no way in a &#34;very good condition&#34;. The seller refused to accept that there were irregularities with the IEMI in SIM tray versus the IEMI within the phone , the quality of the phone as I stated above and he made excuses such as &#34;you were sent the right phone, someone switched them in the mail&#34;. I would caution anyone purchasing a used phone, just don't! You want an iPhone that works, then please purchase a new phone that is not locked to any carrier.Apple i phone 4 s is okay. I'm not sure whats up with the phone i bought that was used but at times, the volume does not want to work properly and at different times it works just fine. i like it but its just like any other apple i phone, it screen will brake so fast with in just one drop so be sure to have a very expensive protection for it, I would suggest a water proof one.Phone was in better condition than I thought! Wife is very happy with purchase! I will buy one for myself soon!The phone was in great condition. It had no scratches and it works perfectly. None of the buttons were stuck or broken and the phone was just perfect.My grandson loves the phone. No flaws that I know of. No scratches or cracks. The only setback is that when we purchased the phone, it was in the category of unlocked phones. Only trouble is it was not unlocked so we had to go with a sprint contract which is $92 a month when we were planning on using the phone with straight talk for $45 a month. so we are paying double what we wanted him to have.&#36824;&#19981;&#38169;&#65292;&#20013;&#22269;&#35201;&#29992;&#21345;&#36148;&#65292;&#25903;&#25345;&#32852;&#36890;&#31227;&#21160;2g &#20080;&#26469;&#19977;&#22825;&#23601;&#34987;&#20599;&#20102;Not bad, Chinese use the card affixed to support China Unicom mobile 2g &#8203;&#8203;bought was stolen three days ohHave trouble with it taking off the zagg covers(case friendly). Ones. Unfortunatly it will have to go. But i liked it , other than that.I bought this phone considereing i could UNLOCK IT since i live in Brazil, Rio de Janeiro, and there is no SPRINT here. very sad, the phone does not activate, unless i have a sprint account.The description of the phone said it was new but the box was open and the charger was used.. The phone it self looked new and it word greate!! Can complain over all..the phone works great it is definitely in perfect conditions it has great speed and all the functions i needIt's an iPhone, I think everyone knows what to expect. Always make sure you can verify it's a clean ESN with Sprint of course... Seller was awesome.LOVE the 4s compared to the 5. Phone was practically brand new without a blemish on it. Long time Android user and am happy having made the switch.I love this phone. I had an ipod that died and my android phone broke. I bought this as a used phone but it was in new condition. I love the iphone because I can sync it with my ipad and use it in place of my ipod that died. I just hope the battery holds up well.Exceeds expectations, battery last all day, and rarely force closes any apps. It's my first experience with apple software and I haven't had any problems using it.This phone was purchased to update from the Iphone 4, I know there isn't a really big difference between the iphone4 and iphone 4s but to me I can tell a difference. I love the iphone 4sI really like the iPhone 4s! It is easy to use and very light weight. It is a touch screen phone which can sometimes be bad because it can get dirty, but you can clean it. It has a camera on the front and back which makes it easy to take pictures. It also has access to the internet, tons of fun and useful apps, lots of fun options for ringtones, and last but not least, it has Siri. Siri is a voice activated robot in the phone that you can ask a question and she will give you lots of possible answers. The iPhone has a button in the center that when you click it, it takes you to the home page. It also has a button at the top right that locks the screen. Another fun thing is the iPhone 4s can come in white or black. The only thing I have a problem with is when you zoom in on the camera, the picture gets blurry which is really irritating. I would recommend this product if you are looking for a phone with a quick and easy alarm clock, or a calendar that you can bring with you wherever you go. I would also recommend this product that you can take quick pictures with. Overall, I really like this product because of the fun, quick, and easy contents it has.No complaints! I was scared to order my iPhone through amazon but I have to say I was very impressed.Very happy about my purchase! Phone was as described, practically new, no scratches, no problems with the phone so far... 2 thumbs up AlisonSells!!not a sprint customer but my aunt sure liked. it was a really good purchase and very cheap i love itGot the item, and this one was not reported stolen. It was stated as being new on the ad, but it is not. It works, and I am happy, but considering it is used, I feel the price was a little high. Overall, I like the phone, it arrived early, it was not stolen, and it works.I Really like the phone. Seri isn't as helpful as I would like but over all the phone is great. The Picture on it is very clearThis is a great phone and certainly far better than the Blackberries that I used prior. I use this all the time and its so reliable. Since mid February 2012 to date this phone has only run out of battery power once. The Blackberries I used prior ran out of power all the time. I am certainly far more happier with the iPhone, however it lacks a few features I miss from the BB, overall this phone is far superior. Great job Apple!Absolutely love this product... I've been wanting one forever and if far exceeds my expectations :) If u are obsessed w apple like me or want a very user friendly phone u need to get this. I got my mom an iPod touch for xMas and she loves it then I showed her that my phone is exactly the same , she was sold and it will b her next phone too!Ok, so. I started with an LG Optimus Android phone in February 2011. Recently in January 2012 my Optimus started having serious problems. My apps would start freezing, then I couldn't send text messages, or even make phonecalls because it was completely frozen. I could take it apart, put it back together, & it would work fine for a couple of hours, then start freezing again. Several friends I have said they've had their Iphones for 2 years or longer & never have had one problem whatsoever. I have now had my Iphone 16gb 4s for a small while & already love it. It is so much better than the android system!! 5 stars from this girl!!!It was a replacement phone. I had lost my original iphone 4s and replaced it with the same model. I loved it then and I love it now. The seller delivered quickly and I am very satisfied with his service.I always wanted an Iphone til i got one. I do not like the fact that you have to put everything through itunes you can not just save things from your computer to your phone. It crashes all the time. To top it off sprint has VERY sucky service.Love the iPhone. It is a tool not only for communication but highly helpful in staying organized. Love that I have access to social networking, my calendar, books I'm reading, music, etc, all at my fingertips.Ok I disappointment so you set the iPhone it's new and it isn't have some scratches and the box it's not the original box and the accessories too so thanks for the onlyIt came with its original packaging earphones charger. Great condition no scratches no dents and works perfect! I love it!I was expecting an iPhone 4S 16GB as the seller advertised, however, I received an iPhone 4 8GB. I was very displeased. I did not want to return it because I was going out of town during that time and returning it would have been a huge pain. However, the device I received worked perfect and although it was not what I expected, it sold it to my friend and got some of the money back. I had a horrible experience, and I do not know why they advertise something that is not true.I wish this could be a perminant unlocked phone, however with its listed price, this should be good for people who don't want a conrtact.India the new dumping ground!!!.Congratulations to all proud Indians. Apple has chosen us as the main dumping ground for old iPhones. The iPhone 4 is a 3 year old phone! It released at a price of 30k 3 years ago. 
What is the price now? 
Why? 
Why do you people still buy it? 
Have some sense people and please value your money. 
This is phone with 512MB Ram and 800 Mhz single core processor. Even though it supports the latest iOS. It doesn't support half the features. And how much are your paying for this. 
Apple is fooling all of us. And still we fall for this. Ridiculous! 
For the same money go for a better Windows phone or Android phone. Much better value of money. Do some research and you will know!Are You Crazy ..?.Ok stop those idiotic reviews from FANBOYS like vijay 
 
iPhone 4 cant even run subway surfers, I own one. It does lag. I dont know from where this myth came from that iPhone do not lags maybe because its users mainly use it for elementary tasks like email,office,camera etc. 
 
Stop saying don't go for the specifications it has 1 GHz processor and 512 MB RAM and its enough for daily tasks like email,office etc, but not a real MULTITASKING phone. It pauses all the applications to run one. No application has any link with any other application. Like whatsapp has no link with music application, you just cant send any song to others, if you download another music player like I did which displays line by line lyrics on android it sync all the songs WITHIN a SECOND. But as per iPhone nothing happens. 
 
Arguing with any Apple Fan is like banging your head to wall. All they can say about their phone is : &quot;IT DOES THE JOB&quot;. Well for me it cant even run subway surfers properly, my 11.5k android phone with QUAD CORE and 1 GB RAM( XOLO Q800) runs and loads the game so quickly and fast,its looks,camera,features are far better than iPhone 4. 
 
BATTERY ISSUES 
iPhone always has battery issues the 1420 mAH battery drains out within less than 4 hours on continuous usage and if you use 3g BATTERY dont even last 1 hour. Need to charge it like 2 or 3 times a day. If you go for a hang out in holidays you always have to carry the charging chord in your pockets. 
 
No Bluetooth 
If you want to share a file among friends you simply cant because iPhone's Bluetooth only connects with APPLE DEVICES. 
 
_________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Bottom Line : if you want to spend 24k on an phone to do elementary jobs like read emails, browse web, watch videos etc then go for it else get a 10 times better android phone like XOLO q800( Rs 11.5k on flipkart) or get NEXUS 4 which is like 100 times better and faster than iPhone 4s as well. 
 
APPLE EXTREMELY OVERPRICEDWhy this if you can Buy Nexus 4 for this Price ?.Buy Nexus 4 for this price instead of this shitty iPhone 4. 
 
800 mhz processor,5MP cam,8 gb internal. And 25k for this phone ? 
 
Buy nexus 4 - 1.7 quad core processor,8mp cam,16 gb internal . 
 
iPhones suckYou are misguiding people not I(Reply to Sundeep).Dear Sundeep. Your argument are very flawed and inaccurate. Let me correct each one of them, 
 
Your fact no 1: You cannot transfer songs: You can transfer whatever songs you have. You can download MP3's from anywhere you want and transfer them to your iphone. Pretty much like any other phone. All you need is itunes installed in your PC. 
 
 Your fact no 2: Cannot transfer anything but photos and vedios: Of course you can. You can transfer whatever file imaginable which can be used on a phone. PDF, Movies, word. xls even Zip files from you PC. 
 
Your fact no. 3: No wifi Hotspot: Yes there is. Go to settings&gt;personal hotspot. You can share you cellular data with up to 5 devices. 
 
Your fact no. 4. Only one hour battery life. My iphone goes a day very easily; easily 5 hours when I do continuous intense gaming on it. By intense gaming i mean really intense games like NOVA 3, Real Racing 3. 
 
Your Fact no. 5. No Bluetooth. Of course there is bluetooth on iphone. Its just you can't tranfer files and that will never happen. I have explained why. 
 
Your fact no. 6. No dedicated camera sensor. Do you really think iphone 4 does not have a CMOS sensor/ Do you really thing a camera can work without a cmos sensor? Do you even know what these sensor means? FYI. BSI CMOS or CCD sensors are like a photographic reel for a digital camera. No digital camera works without them. 
 
For you next reply. Please google anything you say on a public portal. Incomplete information is always dangerous. 
 
Based on what you said, all I can say is you are mis-guiding people not I.attention iphone 4 buyers !!.bought this from flipkart on august 24 2013 , my phone got heating issues, called Flipkart received a call back and they said it has one year Apple warranty so u have to replace from service center....and i got confused then why this 30 Day replacement Guarantee ...i mean am a regular buyer a dedicated customer then why this....anyways then gone to service centre and what i see 100 people with their iphones for replacement, got a token of 95 number, waited and got my phone back after a week. Now after using for a week u faced mic problem, again went to the service centre waited waited and waited , this time no replacement only repaired got my phone back after a week , used for a month, then now a touch problem ...hang problem and no charging....again went to iphone center repaired as this phpne is under warranty....got my phone back , now again after using for 2 months same problem.......INDIA AS DUMPING GROUND.Apple is using india as dumping ground for all it's old iphone which. it collect in buyback scheme in other country. 
apple is selling it's old replaced iphone in new cases. 
and making fool of us.iphone is good but not the best.okay to both of you sandeep and vijay 
iphone 4 comes with an extremely good camera that can even run dslr lens 
i know apple has put restrictions on its product but that does not mean apple doesnt have bluetooth it is just that it only pairs with another ios running device it is just like nokia lumia 
i have myself used iphone 3gs despite of the fact it does not have a gyroscope but it can still run gta vice city modern combat 3 nova 3 but it still lags on some games 
but iphone 4 runs apps completly smooth and good 
i know t is little over priced but provides a good alternative to cheap plastic like android devices 
and sandeep if u talk about your some xolo sort of phone then please dont forget to compare it with micromax canvas hd what matter is the brand you cant compare karbonn or micromax sort of brand with a quality brand like apple and samsung or sony or even htc plz compare your cheap gadgets with the gadgets with similar specs and i have once used a karbon phone i dont remember its name but it was rated 1ghz which cant even run temple run 
if u talk about connectivity i will give edge to android devices as they provide easier file sharing options now a days but i can bet that u wont find any phone in the market like iphone it is really good for future use if u buy the latest model of it 
 also apple provides retina display the best resolution ever made and u will be surprised to know i use iphone 3gs which has 600mhz processor and can run gta vice city and i bought it for only 10k with an aircel offer no phone with such specs and price can run gta vice city or nova 3 not even ace and lumia 610 at nearly 15k 
but if u compare iphone with note 2 or nexus i will prefer note 2 or s3 or nexus than iphone as the specs are better but iphone 4 is still not a bad optioncomparing ferrari to Trucks?.Iphone with ios is most smart platform ever created. no lags, no sluggish browsing, no hanging up probs. 
so question states why iphone when u can buy Toys like XOLO (lol name for a phone) or nexus 4. 
Well, Android 4.0 lags with dual core and 768 mb of ram. 
Ios doesnt even lag on 600 mhz, 256 mb of ram. 
It is so smartly designed, so intensely utilized with every resource is made to perform. 
 
another thing apple provides is reliability. you buy a android toy, xolo or other micromax toy, u start usin it and after 6 months it starts to overheat ,battery problems, lags(it does happen guys) 
But as for Iphone, use it now or after 3 years,it is same as it was before, no battery problem, no slow processor or heating issues. 
so guys, its a ferrari, a smartly designed smart &quot;Phone&quot; and serves the purpose well. 
you could go for android's but remember after a year or two your phone's plastic body will fell off. processor will go slow, and not to mention the battery problem you might feel. 
 
but as for iphone,no such thing. 
 
dont believe me? go check resale value of iphone in local stores. you always get best resale value for iphones where as android phones sell for probably 50% of buy price. and prices of androids slash every month(DP) where as iphone, it will never go cheap until next one is out. reason is it never compromises its speed or functionality. 
only reason its still in market even after 3 years of its launch, show me a single droid in market after 3 years? with such respect 
 
Iphone is foreverSimply the best.It is a cool phone and has not yet become outdated.It runs smoother than android and the color saturation is superb.The colors look natural.The touch is very responsive.I have never had such a wonderful experience.It is amazing(Like Steve Jobs says).Other phones in this price range are not even close to it in terms of quality.I love it:).DO NOT CARE WHAT OTHERS SAY. 
In the future too I would certainly buy an iPhone. People say that it has less features.This is true to some extent but when apple puts a new feature in it&quot;s phone it is always perfect not like other manufacturers who give you a lot of features with bugs and flaws.That is why I love apple. 
Last thing when you compare iPhone with other phones iPhone either has the same speed or is faster than it's rivals.The cool thing is that iPhone is able to do this with lower processor power and ram.This is awesome and tells that how efficient is iOS. 
APPLE IS THE BESTOk Thats it.....Enough war on iPhones and android .provide a non biased review..here's one 
 
//Specs (yes specs!!!) 
If your searching for head to head comparison then let me tell you this specs matter....but if seen properly..processor performance doesnt depend on ghz anymore in today's world!!!!Yep dats it..galaxy note with a9(ARM 1.2ghz) processor is equivalent to A4(ARM based 800mhz) processor made by apple..yes less cycles but better ARCHITECTURE!!!. 
Now we know apple processor can bring the house down with its processors but it still lacks memory(RAM) which might reduce multitasking..(However there is save sate option for developers.which pauses your game while you check your email or watever) 
 
//Screen size 
 apple fits in your hand.its designed such that your thumb can reach all corners rithout difficulties also ppi is more with retina display...however it's small 
Samsung or any android phone at this price comes with a big , gorgeous screen...however except for s4 dere ppi is low 
 
//app quality 
Apple wins.Period. 
Proven practical: Sony experia tipo ruuning game called vector(SUPER LAG) 
       ipod 4th gen ditto specs(smooth) 
 
//cutomization 
Android wins.Period. no need for explanation 
 
//rooting vs jailbreaking 
clears all apple problems and is more safe than android...android is way more technical and ridsky but can also give oppurtunities to completely change the os.Buy iPhone 5s instead.They think we Indians are cheap and ready to buy 3yr old phone. If some exceptional product is produced, they won't launch in India, but for old crap they dump here. India is not a dump ground. Please don't loose your esteem. Proud to be an Indian.Making fool of Indian Customers.it seems to be like along with Apple , Flipkart is also trying to make a fool of it's customers by even listing a 3 year old product at such an price tag. it simply seems to be fooling it's Indian Customer base. A deal of this kind wasn't expected from Flipkart at least.Better buy gold than I phone. Its better status symbol and with great returns too.All I can say is people who think I phone is status symbol are the biggest fools on planet earth.the hardware and the OS and afcorse unnecessary hype in cost is a total bullshitting. 
Even If brands like XOLO SAMSUNG SPICE etc are 2013 models, apple freaks buy apple spending twice the amount for lower hardware without even compairing specs with the new improving technology.This is the age of becoming wise and smarter not making fool of ourselves. If you people know Apple was getting bankruppted after SAMSUNG taking over their market so they filed case against samsung for replicating their OS but wait a sec its not replicating its improving it god damn you Appleco..Its the age of making things simpller better powerful but in affordable cost.after every month you get to see new technology by some or the other brand.Steve was the one who changed the face of technology but now he is no more and the ennovation in apple is stopped completely. PEOPLE WAKE UP FROM YOUR SWEET DREAMS COME TO REALITY. The fact is If apple makes upgradation with new technology apart from just gold plated body of phone and also if they give a powerful battery to their phone I will surely buy the phone but for now I am verry happy purchasing cheaper phones with greater tech spec and keep saving for the better Iphone if they survive in future.I REALLY PITTY YOU ALL APPLE OWNERS in India.good mobile but with huge limitations.good mobile. but it has some limitations but still good to go. 
limitation... 
 
1. camera {red eye effect is very bad in low light, 
  pics become very blurr when it is not held perfectly still, 
  long processing time between click and pic capturing, 
  video capturing is very very bad, it do not auto sensor and adjust the video according to landscape and portrait mode, but record video rotated at 90 degree. viewing becomes extremely difficult } 
 
2.. battery backup is very bad when using many applications {but it is as per use} 
 
3.. blue tooth compatibility to only apple products, {can use appropriate softwares} 
 
4.. inbuilt memory {impossible to use as data carrier} 
 
5.. inbuilt battery {can become a problem after warranty expires} 
 
6.. main limitation is that as apple service center don't repair the the product, they exchange it with new or refurbished goods, but when they will stop the support for the product which should be some years later, it will not be repaired but exchanged with current product with extra cost.Iphone4 Review.Hi Guys! 
 
I own this phone for past two month... Before I buy I know that I am going to sacrifice features which is key in our normal smartphone such as bluetooth,music download no need of any sync. So Before you gonna purchase make sure this only apple lover or gadget will like this. 
 
As mentioned by sundeep(24/5) review not only iphone all the smartphones are kind off easy battery killer, previously I have used Galaxy Ace which is also similar performance with respect to battery life and he is wrong about 3g battery life its just a frustation from him. I am regularly using subway surfer it never lags the games will lag when there is fluctuation in carrier network alone. 
 
People who asks then why its costs dis much, the answer is Yes! its costly but think about quality it made it consists very gud display and its not made up of plasitc as other phones. 
 
But am assure you will feel speed in accessing the apps and good native apps integeration such as FB,Twitter. Its very easy to navigate between with out any lag. 
 
Like in samsung after ends an call you wont find any lag in call log its really speed in performing tasks. 
 
If you are grazy about iphone need to use iphone u can sure go for this not for normal peoples who want to buy an smartphone for those peoples u can go and buy nexus for sure. If you have idea about iphone4s there are only 2 differences which are siri, video hd recording so think that also....Comes with ios 7 and lags alot.The phones lags like hell, takes atleast 2 seconds to open apps like contacts, settings, whatsapp. The performance is nowhere near smooth.Best Value iPhone from the Apple Stable.First up, a huge congratulations to Flipkart for delivering this phone in less than 24 hours. 
 
Now to the phone. 
 
Am an Apple user for a while now, so buying this phone was a no-brainer. But, buying it for my elderly mum made even more sense. Purely because (unlike Android), iOS 'just works' for those who're not tech fidgety. Its reliable, performs wonderfully, and gets updated each year (although I realise iPhone 4 may never get updated to iOS 8 and beyond). 
 
But, seriously, for a premium phone from the Apple stable, this phone makes the best sense under Rs 20K. While it may not have the bells and whistles of 5C and 5S, it still runs ALL the 20 or so most used 3rd party apps flawlessly. 
 
And, my mum couldn't really care about ppi, retina display, 4&quot; screen etc... As for 8GB, she's just thrilled to use a premium device at a non-premium price. 
 
My last word is that whilst its true that iPhone is now a 4 year old device, its still a brilliant workhorse under 20K for those keen to enter the Apple ecosystem. 
 
So, although it may not give bragging rights, the iPhone 4 will definitely give you a fantastic user experience and sense of satisfaction of using a premium quality device! 
 
Good Luck :)Excellent phone .. at awesome price .. dont miss this.At the current price , there is no better phone you can get , even 5k plus. 
Forget about the massive RAM and high in no CPU power of andriod phones. They are not worth. 
remember a time when an entire PC , pentium 4 ran with all the resource extensive games and still it never went slow. so what happened today . why even a 1gb ram Android phone goes slow after a while ?? 
Android platform is made to hardware resources aggressively and not smartly. no matter how hard you try and try to kill applications they will once again start running and the max you can do is to stop the service for the current session. One an app is installed it will always have the default access to your network and gallery , but in IOS you can anytime remove access of the app and make sure that they can consume resource when you don't want. 
 
The Iphone 4 is a masterpiece. rich build quality 
nice grip on the phone 
decent battery life ( off course the most you use the more you'll drain the battery) 
 
Call quality a lot better compared to my previous 20k + android smart phone 
User &amp; touch experience is just unmatched 
 
Most of the common apps are free on istore and are of good quality. 
 
Bottomline 
************* 
If you are not a hardcore gamer n not a person who loves to root the device 
go for Iphone 4 and if budget allow get a 4siPhone 4 vs Xolo ? what are you comparing!.Guys, comparing XOLO with Apple iphone 4 is not correct. For three reasons - 
 
1. iphone 4 was released 3 years ago. While Xolo is 2013 model. 
2. Apple hardware is best in class, not comparing with MHz or Gigs of RAM. But the quality, iOS is the only mobile operating system which was delivered almost bug free. 
3. Apple is obviously priced higher, still it managed to get sales &gt; 50 million units per fiscal year, this is a class that a manufacturer has set, and maintained in last 6 years. This is not a joke, and Xolo stands no where when it comes to support. 
 
Personally using any of the iphones that I had, I never ever faced problems with hardware or software. Battery, for any of the smart phone will drain fast be it Samsung or Apple or Micromax. 
Now I stopped using iphone because I am bored of it, and moved to HTC One, I still feel that iPhone was better. Though unlocking and jailbreaking is painful than rooting an android. 
 
Source :- I am a previous user of most of the categories of Apple iphone's 3gs, 4, 4s. Also, I am currently using HTC One.Iphone ? buy or not ?.Hey buddy if you are not gonna buy apple ....thats ok but dear ...take a look on other brands Micromax..? Nokia ..? Xolo...? Lava.. ? etc etc bullshit!!! these all are chinees phone ... 
Apple Inc., formerly Apple Computer, Inc., is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Cupertino, California[2] that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software and personal computers. Its best-known hardware products are the Mac line of computers, the iPod music player, the iPhone smartphone, and the iPad tablet computer. Its consumer software includes the OS X and iOS operating systems, the iTunes media browser, the Safari web browser, and the iLife and iWork creativity and production suites.... 
. 
and now take a look on Nokia ..Micromax etc they launch product with best spef... but what about brand ? class...? if you wanna bye fancy phone go to any chinees hole sale market and bye it ... 
but dear.. Apple it world wide Number 1 .... with its quality and product ....!1Very Good deal in this price range!!.First of all, those who compare iphones with other android phones, like Nexus 4, should not think that iphone are worst just because they do not have spec sheet of android. Iphones and androids are part of entirely different business models which makes them incomparable with each other. It is like comparing apples with oranges. Nexus 4 in the same price range is a great smartphone, but there are still a lot of reasons to choose iphone 4 over nexus 4: 
 
1) Performance: Iphones are known for their performance. To know what that means, you'll have to use an iphone. Web browsing, photo editing, office, email etc. is just so snappy and fast in iphone. Although with Jelly Bean, android is catching up with ios, but it is still not there yet. Once you have used iphone it is do difficult to go back to android. 
 
2) Looks: Iphone is certainly one of the best, if not the best looking smartphone, ever sold. Those who say that iphone is just for show off, should understand great looks is also a feature. You would never buy a car which has great specs but bad looks, would you? 
 
3)Ecosystem: This is the strongest reason to buy an apple product in general. The apple's app ecosystem is richest of all competetive app markets, both in quantity and quality. Android's google play is good enough, no doubt, but they cannot match quality of apps avilable in appstore. Apps like garage band,pages, phoster,paper by 52, repix and others are amazing apps which are exclusive to iOS. Even the apps which are available in both the platforms are usually better on iOS. Just see the default apps for Twitter, IMDb, facebook on both the platform if you don't believe me. 
 
4) Security: 70 percent of all malware which are created are for Android. This is the data by Norton. You can check their official website for details. Iphones also get infected by malwares but chances are fairly less. Because of having a closed ecosytem, it is difficult to hack an ios device. You'll never get an app from appstore which can compromise your security because unlike google, apple scrutinizes every app which is posted in appstore; plus any security breaches are closed watched by apple and quickly fixed by their quick updates. And it is so easy to update an iphone. Those who have tried updating an android would know the pain. 
 
Their are still some reasons, you would not want to buy an iphone. 
 
1) Lack of customization: In iphone you can change your wallpaper, move your icons, make some folders; that is pretty much it you can do on an iphone in the name of customization. If you are somebody who gets bore with something very easily and customization is your thing, iphone is not for you. 
 
2) Closed ecosytem: You cannot use bluetooth to tranfer any data. You'll always need itunes to tranfer anything to your phone. Android users have luxury of using their phones as portable storage devices. Iphone just cannot do that. 
 
3)Small screen: There was time when 3.5&quot; screen was considered as 'huge'. Today they look tiny. I myself is a fan of 4.7&quot; and 5&quot; screens in android devices. I wish iphone came in larger screens. 
 
If you should buy an iphone 4 or not, depends on the kind of person you are and what do you intend to do with it. If you don't care about customization and all you need is a device which is fast, snappy, secure and has a lot of quality apps you definitely should buy iphone 4 even though it is a 3 year old device. If you are somebody who needs a lot of freedom, need larger screens, watch a lot of movies on a phone, buy nexus 4. If you want to play a lot of games, buy iphone as it has much better collection of games than android.If you want a great camera, iphone is the way to go. In this price range iphone 4's camera is the best, much better than a mediocre camera in Nexus 4. 
 
Basically if you are a geek and intend to do a lot more than just usual stuff, android is the way to go. If you are somebody who does a lot of productivity work iphone the phone for you. 
 
And please stop talking about 'spec sheet' in android devices. As a costumer what matters to me is how fast my phone performs than how many cores it has. Iphone 4 has a single core 1 GHz processor and only 512 Mb of RAM, no way it means that it is slower than other devices. Anybody who has played graphic intense games like infinity blade, Mordern Combat, NOVA2 on iphone would know how fast these little iphones are. It is one of the fastest phone in market today, ofcourse it is slower than iphone 4s and iphone 5. I have used Galaxy S4 a bit which has a heck of a CPU; it still lags at many places. 
 
Please use an iphone before commenting against it. Android has some great devices and it is perfectly okay to love them. You need not hate an iphone to love an android. I personally love both. Android is just a very different kind of device so is iphone but by no means it is a piece of 'shit'. You are just fooling yourself by saying that. Iphone 4 in 24K is a pretty good deal.APPLE FOOLING PUBLIC.JUST because they have a good OS how they can market obsolute products in which hardware spec is of last generation with extremely disrty price tag. 
Apple is fooling general public who do not undersatnd hardware specs.yes iphone is a iPhone(using xperia z and iphone 5).i will get iphone 5s when it does launch in india because the ios is one and only and with ios 7 every thing changes for good. 
i love my xperia z because of its durability and looks and i tell you one thing even after 1.5 ghz quad core plus 2gigs of ram i do make it stuck sometimes,wid iphone5 no such thing(though d 4 inch screen seems a bit tiny to me, so android just can't come near and windows is like a sore loser,even android feels godly to it,!!!-BESt of luck microsoft-nokia's in ur hands now:) 
 
POINT IS IPHONE 4 for 19k is a good choice go for it-(amazon) 
and for xolo,micromax,karban,spice Su***KZ -dude when u will go to service center u will know wtf u just bought!EXTREME HEADACHE-even 10k will feel like waste! 
ONE MORE THING-in manufacturing warranty-apple replaces its products,doesn't service it-if my sony or plasticity master samsung could do that :) 
AT THE MOMENT IF NO BUDGET IS CONCERNED 
XPERIA Z1 oR IPHONE 5s ARE THE PHONES TO OWN-BUY BOTH IF U CAN:)DISGUSTING!.Before I start this review,I'd just like to say that I'm writing it from a basic users perspective. 
Previously I had used a Samsung Wave Y,a pretty good budget smartphone.Man was I looking forward to getting my first iPhone. I wanted to see what the craze was all about.I'll sum up the pros and cons in simple,understandable terms: 
Pros: 
Keyboard:I quite liked the keyboard.It was decently spaced and allowed me to easily handle WhatsApp and text messaging at a decent pace and accurately. 
Ease of use:iOS is extremely easy to use,making it a good choice for a first smartphone.Creating folders is very easy.Double click on the home button to display the apps in use,long tap for voice controls/Siri for updated versions of iOS,and you're ready to go. 
Visuals:I bought this phone after the price cut to 26500.The graphics are pretty good for that price bracket(25-30k).I've played games like Dead trigger and Temple Run 2. 
App support:Probably the only thing which I REALLY like about this phone.U get various titles,from adventure to shooting. 
Medium: 
Processor-1 ghz dual core.Well,it isn't a quad core.It just isn't.However,it's average for surfing the web and using apps like YouTube and Facebook. 
Cons: 
Bluetooth?More like bluetooth for the heck of it:I'm a HARDCORE music freak.First of all,No music downloader in the app store(like there is gTunes for android.).Then I tried getting songs through bluetooth from my sisters s3.Didnt happen.Apple products only recognize Apple products.Everyone uses bluetooth. 
Music problem:This is by far the worst.Syncing from PC to iTunes is an experience which brings tears to my eyes.I dont use a Mac(I use Dell Alienware m14x).So I had to connect the phone to the laptop.U have to download iTunes(15 mins),convert windows media songs to iTunes format,connect your phone,configure it,checkif its configured in iTunes,and then go through 3 sync steps,BEFORE EVEN STARTING THE SYNC. 
WhatsApp problem:Im pretty sure 95% of the people use whatapp.However,its 55 bucks in the app store!!Unbelievable!Its free on most other operating systems. 
Summary:The phone has 4 teenie meenie pros,and 3 HUGE cons. 
Suggestion:Go for Nexus 4(25900) or 1x+ from HTC(29990),but don't take this.Apple is only for Fanboys.If you are looking for a value-for-money product, STOP ! ! ! 
 
Apple is an over-priced n over-rated Company, though it does have a few good points - 
 
Pros - 
 
It's easy to use (because you can't customise or change anything) and 
It's meant for 'non-tech' people, who just need a basic phone, which works easily. 
 
Having said that, it's now time for the Cons : 
 
Extremely expensive (considering it's relatively low tech specs) 
 
Extremely irritating for enthusiasts who like to constantly tweak their phones 
 
'Locked-down' feature blocks even simple operations like transferring data / need to go through iTunes, which is irritating in daily use 
 
Cannot open most standard formats of files / incompatible with MS Office, so not for those wanting to use this for work 
 
To sum up : Only useful as a 'Flaunt toy' for those with excess money and not much technical knowledge !please do not buy this phone.guyz ur just kidding yourselves if ur buying this stupid phone.. please do go for it... Apple is just cheating you tats all.. i bought this phone a couple of months back and after the Os7 update its crashing like a million times. The memory for the same is the most Bizzare thing ever. Appple claims 8 gb.. were as technically it is 6 gb.. after the latest update which was almost 900 mb noe it has become a 5 gb phone.. and after i have updated all the apps it has taken up almost 500 mb till date... the phone finally gives you 4.5 gb of space.. is it really worth paying so much for 4.5 gb i dnt think so... so please make a sensible decision and go for a blackberry z10 or and androidFanboys.Stop these reviews Apple fanboys...... apple created boom when it came but now we have very good brands which delivers consistant performance as well as style, looks every thing. compairing local watch with tag heier may b incorrect but compairing xolo with apple i dont think its like compairing tractor with ferrari or BMW, in reality if these two things meet with an accident tractor would survive. I personally used apple 4... worst phone and worst experiance.. i sold within 4 months now i have been using LG optimus L9 since 2 mnths great phone in terms of looks, display, clarity, performance.... it just costs 15600/- but delivers much better performnce as compair to price and apple is just a big overprised shit... why pay 24000/- for the phone that has just 3.5 inch screen hangs and lags sumtimes....data transfer is also become toughter task.. app store is good but play store is also good..and who said apple doesnt hang....it hangs and also lags it is not able to play subway surfer .... a mid range game not high end game.. most of the people do not check the specification and pays high price for apple, just to have a status symbol...wat the F....and one more thing is Nexus 4 is great phone, my brother has it and i havent seen any hangs and lags....one review states &quot;Classsy ..!!! 
I don't think any of the iphones are good enough to play games on...and run some fancy apps..! 
Apple has its own class...Their standards are high. 
If you want to have full fun of your cell phone then iphone is,simply not meant for you..In that case go for Samsung.! 
But Apple has its own class,You can't deny that. 
PS-Enough of this android thing.Looking forward to have this.&quot; if apple is not able to play fancy apps n games and not able to deliver full fun of mobile phone then how come it has got high standard and own class and why to pay such a big amount for these phones..i dont understand how people can think like this. I feel pity for apple fanboys..NO DUMPING IN INDIA !.Better go for Nexus 5 ! or MOTO G. Apple is dumping this 3 year old phone in India ! 
Have some self esteem... LETS SHUN THIS Cheapster Version.!Avoid iPhone if you are not hell bite to bite the Adam's Apple!!!.Well, I bought iPhone from a neighborhood mobile store a few days ago. Well, I do have a few things to share about this phone. 
 
Issues 
1. The camera isn't upto the mark. I have seen better camera and resolution in blackberries that I owned before this. In fact, my galaxy tab 2 has a much better camera sans the flash. 
2. There's nothing really great about this phone apart from the Apple brand name 
3. The battery dies out in less than 12hours from full charging even on moderate usage 
4.Not really suitable for those who get loads of emails every day. I am still struggling with this iPhone since I am used to blackberry and Samsung tab2 which are far more email friendly phones 
5. Messaging is a big pain if you don't use whatsapp or other messaging services 
6. The volume of the in built speakers is way too low to be heard with window ACs on. 
 
Pros 
1. While the sound volume is quite low, I'd definitely vouch for the quality of the output. And, yes, it is definitely great if you can hang around with earphones locked into your ears all day long. 
2. The screen resolution is pretty good and much better than the cheaper imitations out there in the market. 
3. Of course, lots of apps around for Apple!!! 
 
Overall 
NOT RECOMMENDED for a those looking to mix business and pleasure in a phone.... This a strictly pleasure phone for those who will have the time to charge it twice daily and spend more time playing with the apps or sharing photos. If you talk for more than 4 hours a day on phone and use it for sending or receiving anything above 30-40odd emails a day, you'll probably either shoot yourself or this phone within days of buying it. 
 
Definitely not recommended for business users. And yeah, even for the rest of your guys, please use your money wisely on another phone. This Apple just doesn't have the flavour or the taste or the texture or the feel of the real deal.... 
 
Apoorva3 years older version still can compete with latest devices.The standards set by Apple makes iPhone more reliable, stable and fluent. When people like Sundeep talks about it lagging or handing, sure they price for jailbroken. Though the device has CPU and RAM lower than recent devices, the OS and hardware are designed so compatible that you will get equal performance to latest ones. Some say battery makes 4 hours of continuous use, experiences say that you need to keep Micromax phones charging when playing action or adventure games like Subway Surfer, Temple Run etc.In this budget range, this phone still stands for better choice than Galaxy Grand, Canvas HD etc.iOS is completely different from Android..!! SO STOP COMPARING THEM..!!.First of all guys plz stop comparing NEXUS 4 or any other android phone wid APPLE's products as they all have iOS which is completely different from Android. 
IPhone 4 is a great &quot;APPLE&quot; phone if you want an iOS operated phone in this range.. It doesn't matter if this phone is old.. IT HAS iOS nd that only is enough.. bcoz u can't get a phone wid iOS at such a low price.. 
IPhone also acts lyk a status symbol.. it doesn't matter which IPhone u have...what everybody sees is that u have an IPhone.. 
and its different perspective of different people..If u lyk ANDROID then yes IPhone 4 is definitely a Piece of sh*t for yaa.. but If you really wanna have an IPhone at this range than this is the best choice bcoz IPHONE STANDS OUT IN CROWD..!!Best Phone even after 3 years of its launch.I'm going to to tell you all a smart thing about Apple's ios that it doesn't have &amp; it doesn't need a Antivirus program. 
while Android is having more antivirus progs that windows.Virus malware is biggest prob in Android.Anyone can steal your identity on android 
I'm having three iphone 4,iphone5. &amp; galaxy S4. 
Playing NFS Most wanted(Purchesed on Google Play for Rs.270) in Glxy S4 sometimes it hangs up devices then i have to manually restart my phone 
But the same game run smoothly on iPhone 4 &amp; loading is much more faster on iphone 5 
So spending 40k on android is waste.Avoid it.I've owned an iPhone 4 for 1.5 years... it was terrific as long as it ran iOS 6...and then iOS came by...I succumbed to the hype surrounding iOS 7 and updated the phone quickly without reading any reviews ... a huge mistake... my phone is now slower than a snail... iOS 7 is one of Apple's biggest blunders... design-wise and performance-wise, iOS 7 is a failure... if you could get your hands on a iP4 running iOS 6 then it is worth it... buty since this comes preloaded with iOS 7 , you're throwing your money away if you are buying this.Does Apple think all Indians are idiots?.It's ironic that while the iPhone 4S sells in the US for some $300 which is roughly Rs. 18,000, they think that all Indians are stupid enough to buy their old and outdated garbage of a phone for the same prices. APPLE, STOP TREATING INDIA LIKE YOUR OWN PERSONAL DUMPING GROUND. WE ARE NOT IDIOTS. Nobody is going to buy your useless junk, especially considering that this is an almost 5 year old specs phone.Slowest phone I have ever used!!!!! Not Recommended to Anyone..Iphone 4 is very slow. Even Subway surfer does not runs smoothly. After upgrading to ios 7 the performance has decreased a lot. Sometimes, while receiving a call, the touch screen stops working. If you check the Apple site, you will see many people complaining the same. 
Iphone 4 was launched in June 2010. Buying a 4 year old technology was a foolish idea. Will not recommend anyone to do the same.Superb Quality, go 4 it..Please do no write your reviews without using d phone, merely by seeing the specifications. Even Samsung Galaxy S4 cant beat this phone in terms quality both hardware and software. I am using this phone from more than 2 years, the battery life is same as in the beginning. I have used Samsung too, the battery life was hardly 1 year. Many times I dropped this phone still no major scratches or damages, no lags, no hangs. These are the differences between an I phone and the other cheap phones with great great specifications. 
 
Go for it, you wont go wrong.Iphone4.Bought this for my mom, who is 60 &amp; a housewife... And she has taken it like a fish to water. 
Easy interface, she is exploring apps for cooking recipes, keeping in touch with relatives abroad. 
 
Frankly it has given her life a new dimension....Just to say she had an android device befor this for 1 year and she just used it as a phone and camera...but the iphone gave her something more!not worth.ios 7.1 or 7.0,processing very slow,even flipkart own app is very slow on it.for the people who are planning to own a label of apple for rs19000 you we like it for looks for first day after that you will start having pain in head with itunes sister of this phone .you will have to f ever time before doing anything no bluetooth.better buy a samsung phone user friendly.only 4-5 gb user memory in phone 4.i returned itflipcart is giving great survice ....with great price.just bought a i phone 4 
first survice from flipcart was aswm ...it was packed very nicely and gently 
with a perfect seal ...... 
 
i know its bit old with 512 mb ram and 800mhz processor but trust me guys i dont have any regret for it 
i am happy with my phone......it is perfectly design 
its not an multy tasking phone that i agree 
bit battry consuming phone on using net but otherwise works well on normal use 
 
inspite of it i feel great using it 
i am using i phone for a first time 
and i love it....and will recomended itCamera quality.Camera quality of iPhone 4 is far better than, any other shooter priced around 20k in the market. 
 
Apple is best in providing a quality product. And please don't compare a XOLO with Apple. Do you know that there are several qualities of processor, a single core processor of high quality can perform better than quad cores. 
 
I have also used XOLO Q1000, HTC Desire 500 and many more droids, but nothing can be compared to apple. 
 
Planning to get my hands on iPhone 5S soon.Its worth buying.As an iOS developer, I can say iPhone4 is best than many other cellphones in the same price category even after more than 3 years of its launch. There are many cool apps for iOS7 that it supports, you might disappoint with processor if you are crazy fan of playing games, its bit slow with iOS7, especially if you compare it with latest A7-64bit processor of iPhone5s, though you should not compare it with iPhone5s. :)Good.The phone is awesome but after using for 2 weeks one speaker on the phone stopped working and battery is not holding the charge ...it gets discharged in 4 hrs ...even if i don't use the Apps ...wondering what to do ...But the service from Apple is good ...hope they or flipkart will resolve the issue....FLIPKART CUST SERVICE IS BAD THEY DONT EVEN ASK WHY I WANT TO RETURN IT AND STARTED GIVING EXCUSES...This is not good for big company like APPLE.....Bad Phone.I bought this phone through Flipart, everything was good in terms of delivery etc, however phone seems to be struggling with signals and network drops down all the time. Not sure whose fault it is so I have just stopped using it and bought a genuine phone from I-store - end of the story.Nice phone with nice features.Got this phone from WS RETAIL with the low price available RS.28999 anywhere for a Genuine product plus SBI card 10% offer makes this phone even less to 26k . 
Its worth a phone to get for that mere price and it comes preloaded with ios 7.0.3 by default 
The only problem with the OS not with the phone 7.0.3 tends to drain up the battery very quickly we have to make sure leaving the home with 100% battery other wise it will be turned off while we return home in the EVE....Can't give more than 2/5.The product experience is good but I'm not at all satisfied with the service. My product was in warranty. one of the parts gradually got weared out. When I went to service centre then they refused to change it. After I had arguments with their official in customer care for a long time, they had to replace it. My experience was not at all equal to the amount money I paid to buy this product.best phone having high quality hardware very smooth interface.Apple iphone 4 is better than other samsung phones in the market don,t compare ghz or mhz u just see the quality of phonr and looks feels great when iphone in the hand all games are working perfectly like subway surfers,frontline commando d day , contract killer , temple run all big games working superbly there is no lags no hangs go for iphone don,t waste your money on other samsung phones poor service by samsungiPhone 4.I was not at all happy with the piece that I received from your end. Service is pathetic. The mobile phone that i received from your side was damaged. In 2 days it started showing problem where the power on &amp; off button couldn't even start. I have to visit Apple center and replace the entire piece. So i would recommend that plz donot buy iPhone from here. Its sucks....@ Amit Kumar.Thanks buddy for your valuable review, i was about to orded i phone 4 when i saw your review and made me to reconsider my buying from flipkart, and then i decided to buy it from apple store itself directly and this phone is simply amazing &amp; flawlesswait...wait ....wait.....guys!!!!! for iLITE nd i5s.got d news that apple is goig to launch iphone LITE nd 5s by dis september... LITE will be within d range of 20-30k in india n 5S will be between 45-55 k...both will be with iOS7... dat means d future of iphone4,4s,nd 5 will get drastic drop or even 4 nd 4s may be extincted by d company....so keep patience for some more tym...till september end !!!!!! istores r giving grt offers on dese old models....!!!!!fantastic product.this phone is really awesome..nothing can beat iphone..all say that other smartphones can beat it but NOOO...iphone is father and it will remain father... 
i have used it for few hours and i made my dream to buy iphone.......i want this iphone at any cost and plzzz flipkart bring price low so that i can buy it 
 
and no smart phone can beat its touch snsiitivity.. 
 
dear flipkart, 
plzzz relaunch iphone 3gs...The BEST.Apple iPhone is the best.. the specs might be low wen compared to other phones, but the performance is many times better than high end android mobiles.. i have an iPhone 3GS, which is a jailbroken one.. with the 256mb ram RAM, i can play NFS Most wanted (1.2 gb size) without any lag, whereas my friend plays it on his Galaxy S3 and it lags.. Hands down, APPLE is The Best. The cost is high, but its worth itExcellent Phone.There are lot of negative reviews about iphone4 on Flipkart. 
 
I received the phone in good condition and it working perfectly fine with me. 
 
Those people who have any doubt just remember one thing even if your have any problem with iphone just visit the nearest apple reseller or showroom, they will replace it with a new iphone if the defect is not able to rectify if it is in the warranty period.managable.good but not great.apple can be make the mobile much easyier to use or share applications from not only apple to apple. the security is great. the camera clearity is great. the touch is like feather that means it is great. the internet support is great and the processor is fast and can be more faster. apple have to make its processor more faster if it can. it should improve the apple to apple system.Iphone is 100% quality with 4 to 5 features, Android is 90% quality with 40 to 50 features.Well i always see this fight and somehow don't understand why android and apple people fights so much for supremacy. Well i have used both Android and Iphone (i am using one iphone 4 and samsung galaxy S3) and i am happy with both. 
 
The basic deference in Android and Iphone is Quality. In android you will get tons of feature and everything will be acceptable quality. 
Consider GPS navigation, 
 :In android you can say it works 9 out of 10 times, only in rare cases you will find its not locking with satellite. it will lock by 30/40 secs most of the time. 
 :In iphone it will work 10/10 times. you will never find a case when it doesn't get locked to sattelite in 20secs. 
 
Consider Music quality: 
 : Take any damn music phone which you think is best in quality, whether HTC beat or samsung or Nokia, take any phone. Now connect it to Bose headphone and listen. Done? Take iphone and connect to Bose headphone and listen, you will know the answer, iphone sound quality is anytime better. 
 
Stability: 
Imagine an andorid phone you are using since last 6 months and you have never restarted, it will become so slow that it will stop working because of memory leak, in iphone u will never face any issue. No hang at all. 
 
Smoothness: Every single touch is responded. Take any android phone doesn't matter how fast it is, u will still end up in situations like you have to press 2/3 times to open an Application, in iphone u will not face this. 
 
Well enough of praising the iphone now lets go to andorid: 
consider u went to a friends house and taken few photos, ur friends mom ask you to share those photo to her cellphone, Boom, man u cannot even share a photo using bluetooth and u call this a smartphone? u cannot share a mp3 song or copy a mp3 song. u have to either mail it or have to use itune, what kind of smarphone is this? 
 
U upgraded to ios7? u will realize how slow this iphone 4 is. 
 
I hope u guys understood by now, if you want tons of feature and okay with acceptable quality (90%) well go with android let the iphone guys keep on shouting. 
 
But if you are someone who need everything perfect and not ready to compromize and 1% in quality, iphone is the one. Dont worry about the price it worth for that extra quality. 
 
I have been using iphone 4 and galaxy s3 since more than a year now and i am happy with both. I use iphone as primary and S3 as secondary as for me i cannot compromise on quality. 
 
Choice is yours: 
 
Happy with 90% quality, dont want to spend much go with Android. 
Want 100% perfection ready to compromize on small small rarely used features, ready to spend extra money go with iphone.i phone is best.I phone is best these Samsung and micromax are selling the features of I phone in there plastic cases. the touch the simplicity of I phone is still cannot be matched by anyone. I am a proud user of I phone and it is undoubtly the best....phone main touch laya I phone applications laaya I phone. Samsung is selling the number of phones not the quality Samsung se aacha you buy ,micromax....Very Nice Product and Performance.if u wanna buy this product so this is only the beginning to show your attitude and ur style because from this you can only show your status nothing else ,no Bluetooth connectivity with other phone's ,but quality of touch screen is lovely from the other touch screen phones ,processor is so good while playing games and surfing web and many more ,flipkart always rockAwesum apple software.I think if u just wanna buy a phone which does not hangs then this is the best choice and its also going to have ios7 with awesum new themes and i also saw that iphone users are more satisfied than android users becaz of the main hang problem. At the end i d like to say that i didnt bought this phone from flipkart but i am using and this phone will rock when ios7 will cum near around in autumn 2013Do not purchase iPhone!.Yup dear all... I'm right. India is really dumping market for apple. It's very disappointing to say that apple is dumping all refurbished ones on the head of Indians. Very poor quality check of products. 
My phone is having problems with ear speaker, i can not listen to host voice. Really pathetic after paying this much money. 
Requested for return.Great service, Great product.For those who don't care about a high end gaming, having 15 to 16 apps run at a time, But are satisfied with a basic phone which has a ability to do everything and so easily that you can never be frustrated. 
 
I got the delivery from flipkart in just 2 days. Great service and awesome packaging.Awesome phone - Status symbol.Undoubtedly it is low at specifications than android phones but experience with it is far better than those. i believe one can play those games on it which require heavy processor for as of today what people call dual core, quad core or octa core. overall i gud experience with Apple iphone 4. Also 5 n 5s r really gud phones as per my experience.Buy cautiously!.Being Apple product it's great as far as user experience is concern, but it heats too much while data consumption &amp; charging and has very poor signal reception for data and voice. If you are thinking to use iOS 7 on it, it's useless, as it slows this device.Worst Value for money.Poor device for such high price tag, no wonder we indians gets fooled always with Brand Conscious thing, Imagine Iphone 5C so called the cheaper version of the phone which will be hitting the market which will be costing a Whopping 38K Mark .. That must a most ridiculous Joke.iphone.people dont simple buy apple i phone based on brands .Think before buying ther are lotr of better phones now in market,We are paying huge amount of money in apple products just for the brand name...Just value the money you earn.user friendly.I love my iphone.. it is user friendly.... love all the aspect of this phone... i am really surprised to see the negative feedback... i am using it for the past 2 years... till now no issues... never had any batter or speaker issues... (like other android phones)It makes you feel unique.Is sharing is the only thing you prefer ? 
 
What about the OS which cannot be take over by any virus or malware . 
 
The rich interface and the authentic sound of apple . 
 
Well, this phone is not for everyone . Only for those who believes in QUALITY , Not QUANTITY.very slow delievery by delhivery.phone is awesome just required little bit initial setup through internet connection apple is apple afterall royals are always royal go for it and please dont compare this royal brand with chipu android phones.....INFORMATION.NIMESH AGGARWAL 
 
i want to tell that zoom screen is not a fault in the product it is feature in a phone that if u double tap phone screen with 3 fingers it will zoom u can go to setting and can switch it off...Best phone ever.i used almost every phone, but iphone is iphone.. don't matter its 4 or 5... i was using samsung, and its damn worst.. i know android is diffrent, but iOS is better than anyone.. 
and flipkart is providing iphone only in 18k ... thanx flipkart ..Best , forever.The best a phone can be. Used almost all smartphones, like samsung , sony, htc but this beats everything else. Dont mgo for the specs. They do not matter. Even phones having 4 times as much RAM as this , are actually slower than this.Old Horse.The UI and finishing of Apple products is what keeps them ahead. Now iphone4s is well-priced for India and those on a budget can definitely opt for 4s. As with a brilliant UI like Apple IOS, sometimes hardware specs does not matter!!iphone 4.timely delivery is the first credit 
after that regarding the phone 
it is great, tough old then 5 but still enough for normal users 
works very fine and comes with ios 7 updated in it and manufactured in jan2014 
nothing to worryWorth to buy, Enjoying with iPhone4.Hello All, 
Purchased this iphone from flipkart and using. I did not find any issue with that. 
Pros: 
Memory: 8GB and but good in this budget. 
Warranty: Checked the warranty and get same day warranty when purchased, very happy.Satisfied.Lags a bit because it ships with ios7 , And you cannot downgrade ios 7 to ios 6 unless u had ios 6 on the device before ... 
But ios7.1 is about to release ,which makes it faster...It's not worth spending more than 20k on this phone.Why would u go and spend around 24k on this stupid phone wen u can buy a much cooler and fast smartphones in this price... You can go and buy from other good brands like Sony &amp; Samsung. You can have Sony ion in this price... Go check that phone is a monster.Phone was Faulty, But got replaced in a local Apple shop.When i received the Phone from Flipkart it was a faulty one. but I got it replaced, got a new one from apple shop. Good part was the response from Apple guys, they made everything quickly. Now the phone is working fine.Classsy ..!!!.I don't think any of the iphones are good enough to play games on...and run some fancy apps..! 
Apple has its own class...Their standards are high. 
If you want to have full fun of your cell phone then iphone is,simply not meant for you..In that case go for Samsung.! 
But Apple has its own class,You can't deny that. 
PS-Enough of this android thing.Looking forward to have this.Not to compare with any other phone.IPhone is simply incomparable. Its species is superior in moblies. 
IPhone 4's single core is better then an Andoid Dual core. 
Its apps are the best. 
All and all If u want the best u shud not compare it to any other phone. 
BUT guys I advice you to wait for IPhone 5C before buying IPhone 4. 
It is expected to be in range of 400$, and to be launched on 10/sept/2013. 
So wait....iphone 4 Batter Backup is very poor.Recently i purchased iphone 4 from flipkart and this is my first Apple product, i purchased.Apple made me disappointed, and made me to think that Apple products might be just a hype. 
 
Battery backup is very bad even in standby mode and Bluetooth is acting just like it is a new invention from APPLE &amp; implement it in a iphone 4, now a days bluetooth service is running smoothly in all the cheapest phones, but still Apple engineers couldn't able to fix it till now. 
 
Before Buying iphone 4 or 4s or 5 think and buy my friends.apple iOS 4.0 operating system -cost is so high now in current market status.This model as awesome .But as per wikipedia it was discontinued by apple iOS 4.0 operating system .so i hope its cost is so high now. it will not be more than 1500/-apple iphone 4 8gb black.well.. genuine product with 30 days replacement warranty...delivery in less than 48 hrs... what else customer need and defiantly great difference in price from any offline store ... thoroughly satisfied.EXECELENT.THE SHIPING TIMING WAS PERFECT, PRODUCT WAS SEALED AND BRAND NEW. 
NOTHING ELSE TO SHARE BECAUSE ALL OF U KNOW ABOUT APPLE PRODUCT 
iPHONE IS EXECELENT ( BUT THE PRICE I PAID WAS LITTLE BIT MUCH)Perfect.Am an iphone user so NO COMMENTS.. its more that worth having one. If you don't have an APPLE then you don't have an APPLE. I know it has some drawbacks but nothing can sustain like APPLE.Best Phone Ever....!!!!!!.Even though this was launched way before, this still beats any latest phone in plenty of features. 
 
You either have an iPhone or you don't...!!!!AWESOME FLIPPY.GREAT ON TIME DELIVERY, BRAND NEW UNTOUCHED DEVICE WITH ALL ACCESSORIES...THAT IS WHY I LOVE FLIPKART .... THE PRODUCT- OF COURSE ITS GOT TO BE GREAT, AFTER ALL ITS AN i-PHONE PEOPLEwe are not getting bluetooth with windows 7 laptops.we are not getting photos from laptops with win7 to Iphone 4 (apple) . some one says it will not work ? Is it true . I need support in this issue. rao.ps54@gmail.com is my email id.wrost rate of fluctuation.I have seen that iPhone 4 (8 GB (Black)) of price is changing day by day now the difference is from yesterday to today is 5000 rupee.Original Product - Superior Delivery - Great Price you can easily bet on.I bought this device for 18K.... the cheapest price in India for iPhone4. Yet, no compromise on quality of the product. Need not go to retail shop.....Only Flipkart.......Best in town service and product.The product and the flip kart service is best it industry product delivered on time as mention and I m veery happy. That I had an product from best seller in industry.not satisfied.Not satisfied with purchase as phone getting Heated and audio not hearable talked to customer care but not satisfied answer.Good phone...I suggested, Apple 4 is a good phone, I am very much happy to use this one...Thanks flipkart.. i bought 21000 rs, it is possible flipkart only.. Thanks flipkart..We all know.Apple iPhone 4 is surely better than likes of Samsung Galaxy S3, Nokia...worth buying it...Good product.............EXCELLENT.EXCELLENT very good package phone is very nice ...all appliances are packed neatly...any1 can prefer flipkart for online purchase...thank u flipkart....Much Anticipated and Best Mobile.Much Anticipated and Best Mobile, 
Compared to Other Mobiles liked Nokia, Samsung, Sony would give thumps-up for Apple 
 
Liked all the Features on iphone 4, except neglecting some drawbacks.Not a bad buy for 19k..Well I bought as a birthday gift for my wife as I knew she likes apple products. An I phone 5c or 5s was too expensive so I went for this one.Apple iPhone 4.An iPhone is an iPhone is an iPhone.....Simply MIND-BOGGLING!!!! Got one for my wife and also motivated a colleague of mine to go for it......IPHONE4.YES, THE PHONE IS WORKING WELL AS OF NOW ONLY ONE PROBLEM SOMETIMES THE SCREEN ZOOMS AND AGAIN I HAVE TO SWITCH OFF AND SCITCH ON THE PHONE.i 4 review.iphone 4 is awesome for those are in search of nice phone with good camera ,app etc in a low budget and apple brand value.flipkart is wonderful in service and customer satisfaction.probably the most shittiest fone in da world ryt now...i blame myself everyday for buying this piece of shit everyday... just after 2 weeks of buying this crap, nexus 4 became available.. oh god... its 1000 times bettr than this shit...............................................................................................................................................................An Apple(i phone) in your hand is worth more than a brick of gold in your bank account.Awesome phone. That is only thing which can be wrote about it. I am using an i phone 5 and bought this phone for a friend. I wont say anything more about the product,because we all know its simply awesome but would like to thank flip cart for providing heavy discount and shipping it on time.The best money can buy.5 star from my end, Battery back up in iOs 7 is a issue. could have been better like iOs 6. however its a nice package alltogetheri is intelligent.apple rocks,,so as iphone... 
flawless performance with IOS 7..the legacy of jobs is truly amazing.. 
use it to believe it..great product.its very stable to compare to android and have amazing app 
icloud feature is very good 
 
.............................iPhone Sucks.I hate Apple for setting up more rate for an outdated model. They need to think. Really sucks. Better buy Nexus/SamsungAwesome Product by Apple.Just ordered from Flipkart using makemykart.com. Got Rs.500 recharge on my mobile. 
 
Waiting eagerly to arrive. Apple is best in the market of smartphones.Awesome product.As usual Flipkart delivery and package is gud and on time and since it is well known product no review requried.Good.Good phone build quality is really good just it's a bit pricy but still ok. 
Flipkart delivery was good.best phone ever.Not a word for apple ,what a great phone super phone at this price,but slow down when playing game ,low battery backup.IOS is best......All i know IOS does not come in 5000 RS. phone. A Proud Apple USER!!!! 
 
The touch n fell is best in class.. Don't forget Iphone 4 is 3 years old smartfone.. :) 
 
Released in June, 2010 
 
Thank Youworst phone at this price range.This is an outdated device and hardly able to multi-task, regretting my decision for not opting for nexus 4 
major cons: no siri(so rather nothing extraordinary) can hardly feel the difference from a 15k mobile other then the bodyApple fans are not stupid..Mr Sundeep, I am really sad that you own an iphone and do not love it. I never said an iphone never lags. I said, it 'USUALLY' performs better than android phones in the same price range. I have seen subway surfer on 'iphone'. Yes it lags, and it lags like hell; much worse than it does on android device(Galaxy SII). Thats the reason why I never played that game on my iphone. Their are hundreds of games appstore, which lag. 
 
Now lets come to other game. You own an iphone right? Please download Real Racing 3 on both the platforms; Its a free game and see the difference. Download Batman-Dark Knight Rises or asphalt 7 Heat or Modern Combat 4. See the load times, graphic performance and graphic details on both the platforms. I won't give a judgment here, i would request you to see for yourself. Their is another game called Infinity Blade. It is free on iOS; sadly it is not available on android. See the graphic performance; I am sure you'd love it. 
 
If all the above graphic intense games perform better on an ios device and a game like subway surfer performs bad, it explains the only thing. Subway Surfer is a badly ported app on iOS; like hundred others. And believe me their are so many games on iOS, you'll never miss subway surfer. I would like say a few things here: 
 
1) Performance does not entirely depend on the clock speed or amount of RAM. If it did, phones like galaxy y and Xperia Tipo would have been performing better than iphone 4. We all know the truth, don't we. 
 
2) Their is no multitasking on iphone is a myth. It has the best multitasking management in place. The way iOS does multi-tasking is very different. It gives preference to the app which is currently running on the screen, giving the best possible performance to the app you are using. It is smart enough to know which app to suspend which not. FYI Google with jelly bean and Key Lime Pie is trying to do the same thing. 
 
3) Battery issues. Probably you need an update if your battery runs only 4 hours. If it still does not solve your problem, please get it checked by Apple. Mine goes easily for a day and I do a lot of browsing on 3G. 
 
4) Blue-tooth transfer, NFC transfer or any kind of transfer is not possible on iphone. Not because it does not have blue-tooth or apple is so incapable of providing it; it is because Apple takes security very seriously. Bluetooth is the easiest way to hack your device. Thats why they ask you to switch off your bluetooth when not in use. You never have worry about that in an iphone. And excuse me, did you say iphone's bluetooth can only connect with apple devices. It can connects with all kind of bluetooth enabled devices, headphone etc. If blue-tooth transfer is so importannt for you, iphone is not a device for you. 
 
5) Performance. I would stick to what I said in my last review. iPhone are beasts on performance front. I own both iphone and galaxy sII. I do all my browsing on iphone because once you have got used to the snappy performance on iphone, it is so difficult to browse on galaxy sII. 
 
6) Please tell me on which scale Nexus 4 is '100 times better' than iphone 4. I would be happy to see some benchmarking, something, anything which proves that. Nexus 4 is no doubt a great great device. I am personally a fan. Bit then these two devices are not entirely comparable for they are very different devices. My opinion- both are pretty good devices. 
 
I say it again, If you need a lot of freedom. You should buy an android device. On an android device, you can transfer data via bluetooth, NFC and wifi. You can download torrentz. You can install various skins and launchers. You can install widgets.You can open an app from the lock screen. These things are not and probably would never be possible on an apple device. 
 
If you need performance and lot of quality games. You do a lot of productivity work. Iphone is a must have. (Ease to use does not go in favour of iphone as both android and iphone are pretty easy to use.) 
 
In the end. Yes I am an apple fan. Apple has given me a lot of reasons to be that way. But I am an android fan as well. I love the freedom of android and performance of apple. Both have their pros and cons. I would recommend to have both kind of devices. If you want only one, decide on the basis of what you intend to do with it. If you choose Android; its a great choice not because you are rejecting Apple, because you are accepting android. 
 
PS. I don't know why I end up offending android fans while giving my honest opinion. I am an android fan too.Apple is all about fineness!.@Vijay Sisodia 
 
Vijay, I could not agree more with your review. You have dug every inch of the sand and showed that Apple IS the Big Player here. And people who are so crazy about android, should read about the hell lot of security vulnerabilities that this OS has. Apple, although provides a garden wall to its users and not so much of freedom, it does a great deal in protecting them. Steve Jobs did not become STEVE JOBS for nothing!Apple iPhone 4.Product is working perfectly fine &amp; the cash-back was credited as promised on time. The battery backup is good.Good.As everyone knows, Apple is the best.. Branded.. quality... good delivery. Apple is a trusted brand to buyA phone definitely worth buying!.People here are whining and complaining about how crappy iphone is compared to xolo or any such cheap shitty chinese phones are just missing the point. Yes it is a old phone and not graphically as powerful as compared to many phones in the price range but it scores high on usability and smoothness of ui operation compared to others. Apple products are known for superb built quality and the services they provide. Iphone has a stainless steel body with glass on both sides. It looks classy and upmarket compared to the most plastic body phones out there. There are only 2 products in this range which matches its build quality. Then there is itunes where you can legally purchase music, videos, movies which no other company provides. Also there are many fun and useful apps which are exclusive to ios but not available on android or any other platform such as mailbox, vine etc. The battery life of an iphone is good compared to android devices. Moreover apple is now offering a lucrative exchange offer scheme which brings down the price at an attractive level. So people who want to experience ios should definitely try this phone.Apple is the king.Android users! Note 2 user here! Speaking of Apple.... It makes premium products not plastick crap and iPhone 4 doesn't lag because of optimisation and it costs a lot to maintain your status..... Imagine buying a phone at 40k and watching it get sold for 23k after an year like the galaxy s3! after the 4.3 update on my note 2 I gave up on Samsung and switched to Apple iPhone 5s.. I mean the note 2 would freeze and I would have to remove the battery and start over ( do some research about 4.3 update on gs3 and note 2) again and playtore has tones of issues like inability of reinstalling apps temporarily and many other! As of now if you want features or functionality you can compromise with Android and watch it get outdated within 3 months and it's price would soon fall to a mere one third of it! Apple is for those who want status..... Who don't want a 20k grand looking like there 40k phone! And if u r that person then consider apple ..... There's a difference between people who buy 50k analogue watch from those who buy digital ones! it's their choice leave it to themBest phone under 25k.I just purchased iPhone 4 from my local shop. This is the best phone I've ever used and I have used many many phones including latest android and windows phones but iPhone is just amazing device. App store is the best online store ever existed. A typical app on iPhone is 10000000x more polished and useful than a typical app on Android. However iOS is lacking some serious functionalities but its ultra high quality makes up for it. Thank you Apple for making the best phone in the world.Wonderful Phone.Everything is great in this phone 
you will feel 100 % confort with this phone. 
amazing speed ,security apps and very nice camera. 
you will find everything in this phone which you need. 
and you will feel a proud when you keep this in your hand.How can u even talk like this????.Dude..Seriosly????are you really comparing Ur Xolo to an iphone...its like comparing a tractor to a BMW....another example...its like comparing a local domestic player in ur city to Sachin Tendulkar..there is a word called &quot;class&quot;..and tht is the difference between the two phone ...no need to say anything else...grow up man...u cant say 200 rs watch is the same as a tag heuer...just because they show the same time...they certainly will show the same time..because tht is the time and not because of the cost.For all the Apple Haters !.I could write a 50 points why iPhone is better than any damn andriod or windows ! 
 
But unfortunately, I do not have the time nor the patience (to convince dumb andriod users) 
 
I write blogs and reviews, so don't expect me to cover all the points here. 
 
All I can say is, 
 
I am using the iPhone 4 16 gb from the day it released, the phone never hanged, never restarted, never lagged for me. (NOT JAILBROKEN) 
 
The best part, (for you lame andriod fans) 
 
&quot;Even after 3 years, the iPhone stands on the latest OS 6.1.3&quot; and supports iOS 7, so it becomes 4 years. 
 
Tell me 1 andriod phone which you can update after 2 years, ! Keep googling you retards, because there is NO ANDRIOD PHONE WHICH provides support after 2 years ! 
You waste 40K on an S4 or HTC One and then after 2 years, you cry again, I want a new phone. typical crybabies. 
 
Also, you hold any phone in hand, and hold an iphone, you will notice the premium feel 
 
To put it in a simpler words, &quot;Cheap Plastic Retards&quot; 
 
So andriod fans, grow up kiddos ! 
 
Ohh n btw, From Andriod 1.3 to the 4.2.2 There is a security leak, which allows hackers to access your phone data, if you &quot;Illiterate&quot; andriod fans do not know this, google up and you will know. 
So your lack of research and knowledge about product proves your immaturity. 
 
That's the security problem which google is still trying to fix and they still cant ! 
 
The only thing andriod is successful because it is an &quot;Open Source&quot; and companies are successful in their strategy which is fooling you with specs. 
 
So andriod users - Keep hating till the time you understand the true potential of iPhone 
 
Adios !You can't Buy iPhone doesn't mean You would shit about it. Make a Standard First..people who are shitting about iphone4 don' Have a standard to afford iphone 4. You will only get them criticizing about iPhones because the Fact is they cannot ever even think of Carrying it. I Have been using iphone 4 and the annulment i have come to is 'this Phone is Very stunning &amp; Pretty fast. i have downloaded temple run 2, subway surfer, dead trigger and so forth &amp; they all are working pretty Good i don't see any lag while playing any Game in My iphone 4. 
 
Moreover, i have upgraded my Ios to 7.1.3 as well and it's more elegant than the previous ios that i was using. 
 
&amp; about android Lol even rikshaw waale to this generation Handle android Phones &amp; everybody else on earth. Using an iphone itself makes You unique in the Crowd.Reply to VIJAY ( Stop MISGUIDING People ).STOP those misguiding reviews for GOD SAKE, you knows nothing about hardware 
 
FYI, I compared iPhone 4 (24+ k device) to my XOLO q800 (11.5k device) 
 
Now Considering the specifications :- 
 
First a fall it is important to let you know that iPhone 4 uses 1 GHz Cortex-A8 Processor, and LOL you comparing its CPU to galaxy y and Xperia Tipo LOL cant stop laughing, FYI :- Apple uses PowerVR SGX535 GPU and thats why you dont suffer that much LAG considering GALAXY y but STILL IT CANT EVEN RUN SUBWAY SURFERS it does lags on GRAPHIC INTENSIVE games you mentioned MOREOVER GAMING on iPhone 3.5 inch device ( LOL ) drains out BATTERY within 1 Hr or even Less and gaming performance on iPhone 4 is pathetic. 
 
BACK TO THE POINT 
 
Considering SPECIFICATION iPhone 4 (24+ k device) to my XOLO q800 (11.5k device) ON FLIPKART 
 
CPU :- Apple 1 GHz Cortex-A8 Processor ::: XOLO q800 :- 1.2 GHz, Quad Core Cortex-A9 Processor( Cortex a9 &gt;&gt;&gt; Cortex A8, it beats even with single core to iPhone 4) 
 
GPU : iPhone 4 : PowerVR SGX535::: XOLO 800 : PowerVR SGX544 ( XOLO's GPU is MUCH MUCH more superior to the one in iPhone 4) 
 
Ram : iPhone 4 : 512 MB::: XOLO Q800 : 1 GB 
 
XOLO q800 : BSI Sensor, CMOS Sensor for CAMERA ::: iPhone 4 : no dedicated sensors for camera 
 
Xolo can generate WIFI HOTSPOT , iPhone 4 cant 
 
Xolo's 2100 mAH Battery VS iPhone 4 1420 mAH battery 
 
Size : 4.5 inch vs 3.5 inch 
 
XOLO :Micro SD support, you can transfer the downloaded files on your computer, whereas in iPhone 4 you can only transfer your pics and videos, nothing else. 
 
No Arguments when a 11.5k device is MUCH MUCH superior to a 24k device and I have not even started about NEXUS 4 yet. 
 
No Bluetooth, Pathetic Battery, small screen,no wifi Hotspot, cant transfer files, need EXTRA applications to download SONGS ( else BUY THEM ) and so many more countless concs. 
 
iPhone DOES THE JOB if your tasks are whatsapp,youtube,browsing,Office etc.. but for a complete entertainment package IT SUCKS 
 
Being HONEST, if you buy iPhone 4 just because of APPLE's HYPE ... I bet you will regret later. 
 
Apple EXTREMELY OVERPRICEDIt was listed as &#34;Unlocked&#34; iphone5, but it was locked, my friend took the phone back to China, couldn't use it and needed to send back.Product received before informed meeting all my expectations. Indicate to everyone. iPhone 5 is light, beautiful and elegant. Recomend it.In deciding to go with blazing fast LTE capability in the iPhone 5, Apple was forced to release three different devices to meet compatibility with different LTE network standards worldwide. The A1428 model iPhone 5 is the Canadian and US AT&T network GSM iPhone, including broad support for UMTS/HSPA+DC-HSDPA (frequencies 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz), GSM/EDGE (frequencies 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz), and LTE bands 4 and 17. The A1429 iPhone comes in two different flavors, one CDMA and one GSM. The GSM model is designed to support LTE in Asia (including Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, and South Korea). This GSM iPhone will also work on LTE in Australia, Germany, and the UK on bands 1, 3, and 5. The CDMA version of model A1429 works on Sprint's and Verizon's LTE networks in the US, along with the KDDI network in Japan on bands 1, 3, 5, 13, and 25. The CDMA version also supports GSM bands, making the CDMA iPhone 5 compatible with GSM networks. However, the CDMA A1429 will not support LTE on GSM networks in the US. Full specs from Apple: GSM model A1428: UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz); GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz); LTE (Bands 4 and 17) CDMA model A1429: CDMA EV-DO Rev. A and Rev. B (800, 1900, 2100 MHz); UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz); GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz); LTE (Bands 1, 3, 5, 13, 25) GSM model A1429: UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz); GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz); LTE (Bands 1, 3, 5)The iphone came quickly, but after inserting the nano-simcard, we realize the iphone is locked and attached to At&T network, it means that works only with AT&T network. What can I do to unlock it? the Iphone is now in colombia because it was supposed to be a gift.I've owned iPhones since their first incarnation, and have until now almost always been pleased with the developments made to the next generation over the last, with the exception of the iphone 4 and the design fault that resulted in a complete drop of signal when held in your hand without a case on it (I still own 2 of them, don't believe the spin, they really do drop signal). The 4s is a great phone, quicker than the 4 and without the signal / aerial debacle. The iPhone 5 however is a disappointment. It's thinner apparently, not that you'd notice, especially as due to it's design you have to have it in a case to prevent it from being destroyed by everyday careful usage. But in order to make it thinner they had (so they say) to change the sync lead / charger lead connector to a new smaller design. If like me you have owned and continue to own previous versions of iPhones, iPods and iPads, and have several chargers, Docks, car connectors and car chargers etc then this new design is really frustrating. The real reason that Apple changed the design is surely so that everybody has to go out and buy outrageously overpriced adaptors or new leads. I have read that Apple pays less than $0.6 for these leads, yet charges it's customers 25. Apple have also put a microchip in their leads that the iPhone is set to recognise, without which they are rejected by the iPhone in order to prevent third party manufacturers from producing leads that work properly, hence all the terrible reviews for these 3rd party products. It's just another of Apple's underhand money making exercises at the customers considerable inconvenience and expense. It's taller than the iPhone 4s. Some may like this, but I don't. The 4s sits comfortably in your hand and my thumb can reach the top of the screen on the 4s without having to change the position in my hand. I have bigger than average hands too. It is faster than the 4s, only a little, but it is faster. But this is the only improvement in my eyes. Battery life is poor, another sacrifice made to the god of (pointless) thinness. It feels cheaper and flimsier than the 4s too. Maps are a mess. Google maps was so much better on the 4 and 4s. Instead of this ridiculous connector fiasco, why couldn't we have kept the old and perfectly good connector and had wireless charging too? The technology is there, and would be a great improvement over the current system. A more robust design would be nice so that they didn't have to live in cases, and a dust and moisture resistant design would be very welcome. iCloud is fantastic, and so I can't imagine changing phones to another manufacturer until someone else comes out with something at least as good as iCloud. But when they do, I'll be more than happy to switch allegiance, despite twenty years as a loyal Apple customer. Apple can only push their customers so far, and I'm becoming more and more fed up with the way Apple is treating it's customers with regard to their infuriating thinness campaign with their phones, iPads, MacBook Pros and iMacs, at the expense of functionality and in a blatant attempt to corner the market and limit customers buying choices in terms of leads, adaptors, connections, music purchasing, app purchasing etc, as are many many other people. Apple is a great brand and has produced many fantastic products, but the iPhone 5 is not the leap ahead from the 4s that customers had hoped for, and this coupled with frustration and expense incurred by the connector design and the thinness over battery life and durability make it for me a 2 star product. If you own the 4s I'd suggest hanging on to it and waiting until Autumn for the next hopefully much improved iPhone, or Samsung, or whoever the Apple slayer will be.I bought an UNLOCKED iPhone 5 and Amazon sent me a locked one. The seller said they will contact the carrier to unlock it &#34;immediately&#34; but it seems they don't care about the time... I just realized that after 5 days they did not contacted the carrier, but now. I don't really know what to do because I am from Venezuela and nobody want to be responsible of their mistake and I have an iPhone just like a suvinier on my desk. PS: This is the first time I bought something in Amazon, and this is what I get!All accessories non-original and the phone is not good condition some time the signal is dose not works and the WARRANTY is not apple care ..This IPhone 5 16GB is actually my portable pc.. I can do everything in my hand and the price was averageeveryone should buy this Iphone 5 unlocked because its fast and works perfectly the rating of 5 stars was given because i had an android and it doesn't meet my expectations and this iphone 5 did. thanks for delivering this splendid productTHE WORST BUY IN ALL HISTORY OF MY LIFE... THE PHONE WAS USED AND DAMAGED, AND THE SELLER WRITE IN HIS AD, THAT THIS IPHONE 5 UNLOCKED WAS NEW, BUT IS NOT TRUE, I DONT RECOMENDED THIS SELLER AND THIS PRODUCT, BECAUSE IS NOT TRUE THE DESCRIPTION!!! IPHONE USED, NOT NEW... WARNING!!!!The iPhone 5 by Apple corporations, was the newest Apple product on the market before the 5s and the 5c came out. The iPhone 5 is longer, sleeker, has a turn-by-turn navigation, and is faster then the old iPhones. This product is supposed to be an all around better quality product that zips through the market with its speed and overall appearance. Most users think that Apple has outdone themselves this time. The quality of the retina display makes watching videos more superior then before. From the alarm application, to sending e-mails, playing games, and checking your bank account. This product can do more than you can even imagine, with the new IOS7 update, it can also do virtually everything the 5s and 5c can do, so I say save your money and just get the 5. There are however some flaws to this product, for some of the devices the lock button begins to stop working. There have also been complaints with the IOS7 about the apps looking like toys, as well as the phone restarting. However, If you take the iPhone into Apple with any of these complaints they will gladly replace your iPhone, or do everything they can to fix the problem. Compared to the Android and the Samsung the screen is a little smaller, but with these phones side-by-side users say that the iPhone 5 is clearer, easier to zoom in and read text, and overall a good size to hold in one hand. Overall the iPhone 5 solves all the problems users had about old iPhones and other phones on the market. It has the perfect combination of stealth, light weight, user friendly applications, and overall a good product. The only downside seems to be the poor battery life, and the occasional device disfunction. I would give the iPhone 5 an overall 5 stars rating.I was really very disapointed that a store like Amazon would do something like that. I bought the phone as it said in the advertisement and invoice UNLOCKED in their site. When I got it it I took it as a present to a friend in South America and when he tried to use it it was locked!!!! I never will trust them again, you shoudn't either!No problems at all with the seller. The iphone is working fine. I live in Venezuela and I didn't have any problems activating it with a local carrier.The phone was bought for my friend. It will be used in mainland of China. It's real new phone and never used.I really love my iPhone and I wish I could give this 5 stars. But the very first time I plugged in the charger, the part you plug in the phone got stick inside the phone. I had to take it out with a pair of tweezers but at this point my charger was in 2 parts (the cord and the part you plug in the phone). Fortunately my dad had an extra charger but it sucks how the charger that comes with the phone (which I paid for) was terrible in quality. Hope this was just my phone and not everyone else's.Really upset 'cause the charger was not the original one. Just three days and the charger was having problem. dissapointingI bought Iphone 5, i didnt have any problem at all with the cellphone, but i did with the charger. A week after i started using it, out of no reason it stop working. Now i dont know what to do. Im never again going to buy anything by Amazon.IPhone5 - Used it (although reception signal strength was worse than previous cell phones) for 56 weeks then just died for no reason such as water or heat 4 weeks out of warranty. Sprint store checked it and said I need to get a new one or refurbished one. So I replaced the battery with a new one with a battery kit, not difficult, but still totally unresponsive no matter what can be tried. So you learn in life by your mistakes and I will be moving away from Apple products and to the Samsung 4S phone, but cost me $100 in the process. This was never unlocked as just purchased through Sprint. So buyer beware and I hope I can save someone else the loss of the $200 I paid for it and the $100 for the new for a total loss of $300.The phone came in Excellent condition no problems and it works wonderful!!!! It even came with a Otterbox case!!!! Great!!!!This is an excellent product, very smart and useful. I could recommend it for everyone who love end tech. This is a beautiful device too.The phone is great and in good shape but the cable didn't work properly so I had to buy a new one to recharge the phone. Each time I plugged the phone into recharge I got a message that said &#34;this accessory is not supported&#34;. Once I replaced the cable there were no more messages.The item is good. When I opened the box, everything looked new. There is no any scratches it works well. Howevere, there is no pin for SIM card tray. The seller said Apple does not provide pin for SIM card tray any more, for me it's not a big a deal. It arrived early, than I expected which is kinda nice. Apart from that I would not say any negative comments.This was bought fraudlanlty on my account but Amazon was wonderful with helping me return the product, refund my money and report to my credit card company. I do have an iphone 5 and it is ok, but not the best apple has done.Fast delivery, item in excellent condition, looks like new. Phone wasn't unlocked but seller was very happy to get it sorted out with great care.. I am very pleased, and great customer service. Very helpful seller..thank you.&#34;New design, more speed, almost the same things in the iOS but new iOS is coming, but the best phone I could haveAdorable!!! i love my iphone! Full, agile, cute, with excellent performance, lightweight, excellent camera, excellent sound, this is the best phone I know and I love it! highly recommended! q is the first time using an iphone and not change it for anything!No problems at all with the seller. The iphone is working fine. I live outside the US and I didn't have any problems activating it with a local carrier.It's pretty ok I guess,Much slimmer then the other iphones, I personally like the Iphone 4s tons better but that's just me :)I was looking for a used iPhone 5 and I found it, the phone looks in excellent condition, no scratches no bumps Like a new one, I have some questions about the product and seller has enough patience to resolve my doubts The phone came with all accessories and delivered extremely fast, great price and great seller.Thaks so much fiend good time! I have my item! I'll buy any time! best regards! I leave Angel GraterolIt is a Great iphone, high quality. It is not only a phone, also a tool which is strong out of my imagine.Because i dont have any problem un the product. I like ver much the iphone 5. I dont have problemi liked very much everythig is what i expected, the product detail it was the same as it was shownthis is a good phone i really like it the speak to text is really cool it seems that syrie works more efficient too the panorama picture is amazing i recommend it it`s a good phoneI bought my iphone 5 because it is so easy to use, so complete, always work well, nice design,Just love apple things,this is the best phone in the world. Exceeded my expectations I use it in Argentina. The problem here is the service provided by telephony companies.I LOVE the iPhone 5 and definitely one of the best choices I've ever done with a phone.I live in Venezuela and it works perfectly..This Brand New iphone 5 16GB White phone comes in Original box from Apple with all Original accessories in the box. This iphone 5 16GB phone comes Factory Unlocked for any GSM and will work with any GSM SIM card in the world.The new iPhone is much better in my hand than it could be forecasted from the specs. It feels much lighter, with the nice bigger screen. And it's faster and takes better pictures, despite camera having the same specs!Best phone I have ever had it looks amazing and not a single scratch on it. About to buy a case for it to keep it that way.Until now this has been the best purchase I have made because the phone greatly exceeded my expectations. I want the brand continues, and it rests in innovate and offer a fair price the best phone.This phone completely fills my expectation, just IOs is kind to restrictive. So jailbreak is a freedom :) good quality camera, fast and responsive.Optimum product met all my expectations recommend this product to everyone besides modern very fast and very light apple and also improved a lot in the pixel with good quality of photosThe only problem is the battery wont last for full day. Rest of the features are very good. Its awesome phone.&#34;Amazing seller, i was so disappointed when the iphone arrived, it had few tiny scratches on it which are visible with certain angle plus few scratches on the bezel and on the back of the phone. The good thing was it has warranty till feb 2014. I contacted seller about the scratches and i was not happy with it, spending another 100$ will give a new iphone. Seller was so calm and patient he approached me and solved my problem. I was happy with the buy and now when its in cover it looks like new and my disappointment has completely vanished. I would love to do business with this seller again. Thank you!!!&#34;I got this product and it's completely new, no scratches or anything. i'm very happy with this buy and definitely exceeded my expectationsmuy buen vendedor llego muy bien y en el tiempo esperado gracias por todo felicidades ya ya ya ya yaFor all that knows Apple products lnows that the iPhone is second to none. It is superior and Android has a long way to go to get to that level of consistency across the board with all the different platforms while iOS has just few platform that is optimized for those devices.I'm using it from a month ago and everything is working fine, lightweight and beautiful! the bad thing... doesn't have expandable memory and can't change battery.Esta en excelentes condiciones. Recomiendo este vendedor, sus art&iacute;culos llegan en el tiempo estimado y son a&uacute;n mejor que lo descrito. Me encantaSorry to say but I cannot review this item which is the iPhone 5 I ordered and which was suppose to be unlocked. When I received the phone it appeared to be locked. I've already tried getting it unlocked but with no success and is very disappointed. It appears that I have to pay additional cost to get it unlocked.I bought this iphone and receive it one day after it. so the shipping service is excellent. Every thing works well except the cable. I cannot charge my phone unfortunately. I wrote a letter and asked them to see if I can get a new cable from them. Until now, no one answered me.Very pleased at my decision to purchase the Iphone 5 it does everything that I need and then some it's as if I am a walking office. I am able to keep up with work and personal emails, FB Instagram and Twitter. On Downtime I can watch the news or just regular TV. It came in very handy one evening when I was in the emergency room with someone. I was able to pass time by playing games and watching TV. I recommend, you will never leave home without it!So I have had my 3s for some time now and even while it will no longer support some of the apps I used to use I am really going to miss it since it will no longer charge. I have now had an i-phone 5 for 2 weeks and am taking it back today. I bought the one with the increased memory since I usually take a lot of pictures. Siri is not my friend. She usually doesn't know what I am saying and it takes several times of trying before she gets it right. I'd rather type it out and be less frustrated. The battery life sucks!!! I can't keep it charged for 8 hours with little to no use. If we use it, forget it because it will only stay charged for a few hours. This is not helpful when we are no where near a car or outlet to charge it. I really miss my 3, it would keep a charge for 2 days or more with little use. I didn't have to worry about being on a hike and running out of power (at least not on the phone). If it the phones can no longer keep a charge for more than a couple of hours, I may eventually go back to something with out a data plan :(...It is an used phone with incomplete packaging, the earphone is not original, the price is very unreasonable as a used phone.I love it, it's as good as I vas expecting. It's thiner than de 4s so even more confortable and practical.Simple to use, very fast, clear Retina Display, lightweight. The best iPhone ever, with such a good sound quality even for phone calls! LOL!!Seriously din't be from this retailer. I got a used phone and had to send it back. While the customer service was super friendly and helpful, they did not manage to send me a replacement after two weeks. Indeed, it is Christmas season but companies should focus on providing service for the people who already paid for their phone and not focus on more sales. Save yourslf all the trouble that I and several people had and buy this phone somewhere else.I had the iPhone 4 on Verizon for about two years and made the switch to the iPhone 5. It wasn't a drastic switch at all, it's the same phone through and through, but there are some nice improvements Apple and Verizon made. The 4G LTE network is amazingly fast in comparison to the old 3G network. However, upgrading to the 5 forfeits your unlimited data. This is my biggest qualm, because now I'm always searching for WiFi so I don't exceed my 2 gigabytes a month. It hasn't been a huge problem, it's just annoying. Second, the screen is bigger. I didn't think this would be a huge improvement but after using the 5 for a few months now and looking at someone's iPhone 4 screen, I can't believe I ever used it and didn't have an issue with the screen size. The screen has an incredible resolution and makes all pictures and apps look awesome. The speed of the phone itself is a big improvement. All screens switch faster and everything feels like it's processed faster. Overall, I love this phone, it was a great buy, but man, it sure is over priced. If you have the money, definitely go for it, but if not, stay with the 4 and wait for the price to drop because there aren't many features I couldn't live without. It's just faster than the 4.I'm giving the iPhone 5 three stars for putting real glass as the screen cover (the part you touch to navigate.) Using real glass shows a lack of thought in the design. I've dropped my Droid Razer on the floor without the cover without any problems. Dropped the iPhone once and spider web cracks. Fortunately, the screen behind the glass works and there is no pixel damage. So it should be a quick easy fix for the folks at ihospital.com If you buy, purchase an Otterbox or Lifeproof case at the same time and put it on as soon as possible.This might be the last iPhone I ever buy. The 5 seems to solve almost all the problems that the previous iPhones had. I have been an iPhone customer ever since the first one was announce. All the old iPhones were plague with problems such as limited App support, slow browser, poor camera, laggy Apps, weight, low resolution, etc. The 5 have none of these problems. The only problem the iPhone 5 have is poor battery life. I mostly use this phone for lightweight computer stuff like browsing, YouTube, movies, music, word processing, email, camera, and phone stuff. It does everything better than most devices out there while staying very portable. Smoothness and stability have always been the hallmark of iOS which is the main reasons I never switched to other phones. Of all the years that I owned the iPhone, and of all the Apps that I've gone though, only a screen or two worth of Apps is useful. That said, not even useful most of the time. The Apps that I use most often are the ones that came with the phone with the exception of the Chrome browser. Everything is butter smooth especially with iOS 7. There are no Apps right now that lags on this phone. The size is perfect for watching movies, but not so big that it will feel bulky in your pocket. The speakers are decent enough to listen in a small room or watching from a distance. I do still prefer the headphones jack on the top like the older iPhones since it doesn't get in the way with my palm. The edgy shape of the phone does not feel nice when holding, but the phone is small and light enough so that you can put a more comfortable case on it. The camera shoots fast and is very clear and colorful, but focusing is still too slow. While the camcorder doesn't come close to the real thing, it is still far better than many mobile devices especially with stabilization. The display sharpness is still standard retina quality, which is optimal as suggested by Apple. It was good the first time I saw it on the iPhone 4, and if they made the pixel any more dense, I doubt there will be any noticeable difference. Otherwise, the screen is bright enough for sunlight and colorful as usual. I have seen better colors on other phones though, but the iPhone 5 screen is still spectacular. The iPhone 5 is much lighter than the older iPhones and it is also slimmer too, this will let you put on many cases without adding too much bulk. The larger screen is welcoming. The only thing bad about the large is that it is harder to reach the home button. I often have to tilt my phone to reach it. However, I watch a lot of movies on my phone so the larger screen is a great addition. The screen does feel significantly bigger with more viewing space, but most importantly, the phone itself doesn't feel bigger. It will still fit well in jean pockets. I know changing the screen size is a risky design change, I hope they don't make the phone any bigger, but I'm glad they did. The lighting connector is great too. It is slimmer, you can connect it any way you want and it feels quite durable for its size. However, I get a lot of disconnects with the lighting connector during sync, especially when I'm transferring large files. This is probably an issue with the lighting connector since I get the same problem with the iPad Mini which also uses the lighting connector. However, I have not notice this problem anymore, or at all, after the iOS 7 update. The battery life have always been a big problem with the iPhone. You can always buy a battery case, external battery, or carry the charger everywhere since there are outlets pretty much everywhere and the charger is no bigger than two ice cubes. The phone charges fairly fast, almost 50% per hour. I also want to add that iOS 7 have reduced the battery life slightly, but noticeably. Now that the 5S is out, I feel that it is not worth the upgrade from the 5. Practically speaking, the only major difference is the fingerprint reader since entering the pass-code have always been annoying. As for the camera, I don't see much difference in the outdoor picture quality, and the flash on the 5S is just an improvement from what was already bad. Low-light photos and slow-motion camera is something I can live without. A7 and 64-bit Apps are still far from the horizon. Remember, last year's iPad Mini is running on the A5, two generations behind yet still a fairly new product compared to the iPhone 5 which is running on the A6. You will only benefit if you are doing major video, photo, and sound editing on your iPhone, which I hope you are not. The iPhone is an excellent phone, but my next phone will probably be an Android. The old Android phones were beyond horrible, but they have improved so much that I must give them a try. PROS: Performance Weight and size Longevity support Hardware/Software design Larger screen Apps Apps Apps! CONS: Battery (Worst with iOS 7) Wish the camera focus fasterI'm a long-time Droid user, but opted to advance to I-phone 5 after Verizon pitched me a good deal (Phone = $225 if I sign up for two more years; since I'm not changing plans, I thought, why not). Having used an I-Pad for the past several months, the I-phone feels familiar, as the apps and operations are similar. The basic operation and look of the phone is also quite similar to my Droid, so I didn't need to go take a class on how to operate this phone. I'm not a tech wizard. I'm just a child psychologist who needs to make/receive phone calls, check my email, and bop into Facebook every now and then. I don't watch You-Tube on the phone; I don't download music on the unit; I don't play games on the unit; I rarely take photos with the phone; and I don't navigate my way through strange lands via the phone. As such, I'm not as jazzed by this phone as some seem to be. For me, it meets my needs and I have no gripes. The phone works well in terms of people hearing me and me hearing them; the alarm works well; it powers on/off quickly; the battery life is adequate; and I can check the weather with ease. I haven't figured out this 'Siri' thing yet, but perhaps I'll get there someday.It is the greatest phone I've ever had the pleasure to view kind of expensive to keep it running on a month to month bases though. But the phone is the ultimate great technology and a lot of space and so many apps to choose from absolutely the best nice job guys.I was excited to leave the Android OS for Apple, but it didn't last long. I expected a more stable and reliable phone, but the iPhone 5 is far worse than any Android I've owned (although I must admit, the battery life is exceptional). I went from an HTC Evo 4G to this (with the same carrier). There are more dropped calls, apps crash or freeze more often, bluetooth is a mess, there are no widgets, the screen is less customizable, the camera lens is in a goofy spot (made more sense to be in the middle of the phone like it is on the Android phones I've owned), and there's no back button, which is quite irritating--if I'm in a hurry, I don't want to figure out a new way to close or back out of every new window I access. I guess I'll be going back to Android next upgrade.I purchased this phone to avoid two years contracts with a server. Consumer cellular does not service iphone 5 Sprint would not activate this phone because it did not have their serial number Verizon would not activate. Phone was not of use with no sim cardDesign and Specifications Apple iPhone 5 has a 4.0&#8243; LED backlit IPS TFT capacitive touch screen with pixel density of 326ppi. The phone runs iOS 6 operating system with a 1.2 Ghz A6 processor and PowerVR SGX543MP4 GPU with 1GB RAM. The phone has dimensions of 123.8 x 58.6 x 7.6 mm making it 18% thinner than iPhone 4S because of its in-cell touch screen technology. The phone also weighs just 112grams, making it 20% lighter than the iPhone 4S. Camera and Multimedia The phone has an 8MP camera with a backlit CMOS image sensor. The camera has great features such as geo tagging, auto focus, touch focus, Panorama LED flash and face detection. There is a 1MP front facing camera with HD Facetime support for both Wifi and 3G/4G networks. Connectivity and Features Apple iPhone 5 is runs on quad core 2G and 3G networks as well as 4G LTE networks through Nano SIM. The phone supports internet access through GPRS, EDGE, 3G, Wifi and 4G LTE. The phone also has Bluetooth 4.0 , NFC and a 19 pin dock connector for connectivity and power. The iPhone 5 features an updated Siri voice assistant service that follows natural language commands and dictation. The phone has reworked iMap feature as well, moving away from the Google Maps that were being used before.was very excited to receive this! great product no scratches very well detailed in description came promised as is!!!! thanks!The newest iOS update is worse than before. I just lost all my text messages because the iCloud backup corrupted them. AppleCare made it worse as they had me reset the phone twice and erase everything. The iCloud backup is useless. Manually backup often to your computer. Lost all kinds of important job related text info! Looking at Microsoft phones again, have had it with this techno junk.Just a little scratched up on the sides but overall a perfectly new phone. Great buy for the money and great upgrade for me.kind of scratched as i didnt expect but it was fine. all was functioning great. i like and enjoy itI am very disappointed by this iPhone 5 because it constantly loosing signal. Whether I am at home or in my office it often disconnects from the network and I cannot have proper conversations with my partners. It's frustrating. I will have it replaced my old iPhone 4S didn't have any problems of this kind.Sorry for the late feedback, but thank you so much. Awesome seller, the phone came in so fast and whenever I need another one I'm coming to you first. Thanks you some, 5 stars, and the phone is great i love it, no scratches.I rate one star because the speaker doesn't work properly, and did you know this before you sell this iPhone?The phone's was badly scratched! There are many scratches on the screen and all around. It is not &#34;like new&#34; as described!iPhone 5 received on time. As described. Works well. Previous user data was not removed from the phone. Have to reset it myself.VERY GOOD PRODUCT WORKS WELL, HAS ALL ITS ACCESSORIES, TELEPHONE FULL MY EXPECTATIONS, SO USE WITH VERY GOOD RUNNING LINE MOVISTAR 100% SATISFIEDd mine since November 2012. I have dropped it about 50 times without a case and the screen has not broken. Now I am most likely lucky, but it seems like apple fixed this problem from previous iPhones. The iPhone 5 is thin and sleek. ALthough this goes away with a case added. Voice quality and cell signal are fine. Just depends on your surroundings. Internet is pretty fast too on both LTE and wifi. About a year ago, my sleep/power button stopped working. This means I could not lock my phone normally or turn it off. This really isn't the fault of Apple. More likely this happened because I dropped my phone too many times. But I got around this by enabling the &#34;accessibility&#34; menu. Which provides an onscreen menu to lock your phone. Either way I am looking forward to the next iphone. Would recommend to friend.I received the iPhone in good condition, except for the charger cable that came nearly broken. It lasted me only two days, and had to get a new one. The cable is not expensive, but you wouldn't spect to received broken, so I call it a disappointment. I would not trust the vendor again.I love the camera on this phone takes some crisp pictures. Flawless menu diving and very fast processor. Needs bigger screenPhone has been working fine had it 3 weeks now no complaints do far. It was all it was described online. OI really disappointed because I was order an iphone 5 with status is like new,but I received this package, I see it have scratch so much on screen and border.I want get iphone 5 like new only.Can you feed back as soon as possible for me?They send me a Charger for iphone 4s instead of iphone 5 and headphones were missing,besides that phone works fine.Because it works perfectly and it is amazing all the things you can do with it. It is simply awesomeGreat product I enjoy it and I hope others enjoy it as we'll. excellency is based on A great product and this is a great product.Nevr work, but they give me the refund inmediatly. I try to make it work, but never do. Always reset again and again.I used to use android systems for a long time. Lately, I wasn't very satisfied with android's performance, so i decided to bought iPhone. I have nothing to complain about, it's simply perfect! :)I was never an avid supporter of any Apple products; I had always thought of them as a trend until I started using them. I currently own an iPhone 5 as well as a MacBook Pro. It was up until I essentially understood how to operate the company&#8217;s products that I disliked it. Once I understood how to successfully use the products, I realized that they were actually a walk in the park to use. I have owned the iPhone 5 for just over a year now and I have never had any problems with the phone itself. This phone is available in either black or white. The phone&#8217;s structure is very lightweight and easy to put in your pocket. Some well-designed qualities this phone has include: front and rear camera with 8 megapixels for clear photos, music player capabilities, and also internal memory storage. This phone usually has very strong service and also has an option to use Wi-Fi. All in all, it is a phone to own if you are either hi-tech or low-tech. Although, the sleek look of the phone is still a trend, I have grown very fond of the product and the simplicity of its design. Unfortunately with advances in technology, everyone wants their products to be running at the best of its ability, thus, iOS 7 was created. iOS 7 is a easy to use, efficient operating system, but it has one major flaw: the battery life of any iPhone that is not an iPhone 5S is very poor. This is because iOS 7 was created specifically for the iPhone 5S, therefore, all other iPhones use their battery life to keep up with this software. I would recommend the iPhone 5 to anyone who likes to stay connected with the world through social media. If you are a business person, I would recommend choosing something more along the lines of a personal assistant that would have better battery life. All in all, the iPhone 5 is a great product to own.Best product ever, 100% satisfaction! no regrets, cellstore33 is the best not one of the best ,the best! I totally recommend to anyone looking to buy an iphone 5, should totally check them out. Thumps up 5 stars rating well deserved. Plus the shipping is ridiculously fast.thanks a million again for everything, :)Perfect telephone! I bought this phone &#34;used like new&#34; and I've been using it for a while now. I haven't had any problem with it. The charger works perfectly, I even updated the software to The IOS 7. And the seller was a very nice person, very kind in all the steps of the purchase. Thanks a lot!I love this iphone... We have a good deal here, the price also good, love it........no issues with me ,everything was newIphone I received a package when, when I opened the box, I was completely shocked, this is a new iPhone 5, I am pleased to be able to buy it at such a low priceI am an Apple fan,this phone is real stable software wise,Those other mobile os do crash often,keep the good phone coming Apple,I will always buy from this seller plus my phone reached in two days on time.The unlocked phone bought had a hardware problem. Following DirectBuyWireless instructions I contacted Apple and based on the warranty, Apple has replaced the phone with a brand new one. The only issue is that Apple does not unlock phones (all phones when manufactured are locked by default and only carriers or suppliers like DirectBuyWireless unlock them) and the new phone that I have is locked. Apple requested me to contact the supplier I bought my phone from. And here is where my Saga continues. I have been trying to contact DirectBuyWireless to unlock my new phone or exchange this new locked phone by an unlocked one for a couple of months and my e-mail 3 messages are still unanswered. I have a phone that is inoperant for months without any feedback from the supplier and no support from Amazon to help me out on this. It seems that my next step will have to be a Legal claim to see if the Supplier and/or Amazon take any action. That's unnaceptable! No support, no response, no respect for the customers!It looks great even with id lock when I got it. Anyway, seller help me remove it on time. Next time, make sure you have removed it.It is very nice phone, I really like it :) If you want to buy a new phone, bring this phone it is really niceEverything you want in a cell phone and more. Why would you buy anything else when you can get the best cell aroundSomewhat satisfied with this phone works well except that battery life is short and when arrives to 30% or 20% it turns offI'm buying an Iphone 5 used, how it is? This worked perfect? You can turn me on Jan. 11 in NY? The value is $ 410.00? Thank youWhen they promise something they don't follow through on what they say. I am now stuck with a electronic device that doesn't work at all. They said they had thought about it and offered to send me something else to make me happy. I have waited over three months and tonight they say Sorry we never got that in our store. Make sure when you buy from them that it is new not used!!!!!I am very happy with this product. I had other phones, but this is easy to work with, with lot of options and very reliable.Great unlocked phone. Works as indicated. It was given as a gift, I may even buy one for myself. Great phone.Great working out of the box. Came in with the latest Apple operating system and a free screen protector. Really like it.I was skeptical at first about the slightly longer screen. I mean, how much could it actually change the user experience. But after using it for a few minutes I could already see the difference. Not only could I view more of my incoming emails or more of a website without pinching the screen, but for hd video it was mind blowing. There isn't too much more to talk about between generations as things like an improved camera and faster processor are expected. But one thing noticeable to me was the thinner body and weight of the unit. For what I need this phone to do, it is just about perfect for my needs.It's light, its interface is very fast, the design is elegant and classic, screen colors are super crisp and beautiful, would recommend.Good it is a rapid equipment of excellent quality the design works perfectly I like very good quality of images and good rendimentoterrific. The apple product has high quality and good service. I am satisfied about this purchase. It is recommended. thanksCan't get better than this. There are good phones out there but none of them can beat the iPhone. I Love it.hey everything was great and it meet my expectation but it got stolen from me with in two weeks is there anything that you guys can do to help me out with finding it&#304;t was unlocked but from verizon. Now i have been in Turkey and i use safely. &#304; have no problem with this phone. And also ios 7 is rock !! :)Needed A New Phone To Replace My old Phone And Service It Was Great Getting This And Being Able To Select Any Service Since It Was UnlockedPhone works great and I didn't have any problems when I visited the ATT store for the Nano sim. This is my first IPhone, expensive, but I am happy with the purchase. Contract ending soon and I didn't want another 24 months, just to get the discount on the iPhone. Which everyone knows, its not a discount because your stuck in a contract that enables them to make twice the value of the phone.I have received the iphone 5 as well as the cable wire, earphone and a iphone5 case, and I like them. The iphone 5 is totally like new and works perfectly. Firstly, the cable wire was a iphone 4S one and the earphone was not worked well, however, after I have reported this problem to the seller, they sent me the new cable wire and earphone for iphone 5, they respond very quickly. And now I am using them. Thanks for your service and good products.It is great! I just wish it could be long time used! But it just lack of data cable and charger..Save money and just get android then. They are so proud to make there newest update like android. All the graphic, visual aids and enhancements, and ease of operation that made apple great just got left behind. I changed to apple recently for a reason, only to be &#34;updated&#34; into a new android. So much for standing out. The good news is that I get to save money on my next phone.Excellent! I've been using the iphone for over a month and everything has been excellent, I recommend it 100%. Plus the seller will respond to you quickly and help you with any issues. Lo recomiendo al 100%Can't believe I went so long without a smartphone ..... Love my iPhone 5 and it works perfect, easy to hold with one hand and use my thumb to open apps .... My buddy has a bigger Samsung phone and he was showing off his large screen and then when we compared side by side, he liked my clear, easier to read, screen and he can't hold his phone in one hand and use, because it is too large .... I think they nailed it in size!the product received on time meet totally my expetectation now I'm happy witth my Iphone5. just one coment related to accesibility in terms of Phone company. because it said that unlocked product, but when I've tried to activate .. it's appear locked but thank PHONE COMPANY fortunatelly I was available to unlock by my side.It is absolutely perfect. The phone is class but the battery isn't great. other than that everyone should buy oneiPhone works perfectly as it says. Only thing is that it had a few nicks on the back - definitely used heavily before.Do not wy says its unloked when i try the opppsitive sim dosn't work but all functions its perfect.on deliverin time it on time tooIt is a toy for me that have a lot of functions. I will never use most of them. From the other side, it is fery friendly. I am using it with no problems.It was supposed to look 'like new'. it had scratches on the screen and marks on the case. I like the iPhone but this was not as expectedIts a nice gadget with lots of mobile app to play with. I would recommend it to anyone. The next thing is IOS7Is simple, is the finest cellphone ever, have style, have power, have an excellent camera, and a good OS, love this!I'm a huge fan of my Apple products, and so far this phone has met and exceeded all my expectationsDon't get me wrong, this is an outstanding phone, the best I've ever had and in my opinion the most beautiful and stylish portable device in the market. But, the edges strached extremely easy, and when I say easy I mean getting little chips on the aluminum paint even if you putt it in a whole-body-protection case right from day one as I did. It's not a big deal and it doesn't diminish its great performance as a smartphone, but it's inexcusable for a phone of its price.What can I say ?? I phone 5 is amazing as I expected !! the reason I gave 4 not 5 is that there is no much change between 4s and 5 but still the bigger screen and the loud volume with THE HUGE processor that APPLE added to the new phone may encourage anyone to buy it !! No doubt it is the best phone in the smartphones market !!So this is my 4th Apple product and i must say my support of Apple is at end. While sharing apps and music within the family is great, the battery is beyond worthless. I can get 2 days if i do not use the phone. However if i use it, i cannot get even one day. So now i have to carry a charger around and worry about how do i plug it in for a full charge. If i were you, I would convert now over to Samsung or HTC now as Apple will become the next Palm Pilot in the next five years. Here is an idea for Apple. Why not add a few grams of weight, spend an extra 50 cents on manufacturing costs so i can use it for a whole day? Yes that is all they would have to do to help us out.The iPhone's quality has once again been proven as many flock to Apple Stores to purchase the new device. I personally feel that while the iPhone has not added any drastic new features, it has almost perfected the ones that are familiar to past Apple customers. The device is very sleek and well-built. After two months of regular use, it still appears to be new. The screen is fingerprint resistant unlike many of the past iPhones. The camera is excellent (not to say that past iPhone's haven't been able to take good images). It can take panoramas--a very well done effort by Apple to take existing ideas from third party applications and perfect them. The main disadvantage of the iPhone 5 is the lack of good maps support. However, given that Apple is the most valuable company in the world, I am confident that it will spend a portion of its wealth to perfect iMaps in coming iOS updates.I have owned products from this company since the beginning of the 1990s. Love the company. The computers are MUCH better than the phones! The 5 is very average. It is lighter than the 4 & 4s. When holding a 4 and 5 in separate hands, the weight difference is amazing. The camera and video functions work well. The panoramic function is fun, but does get choppy, even with a consistent hand. Still, it is a fun feature. I wish the phone had a coating on the screen that prevented scratches, but this feature would cause all cell manufacturers to lose big $, so I will not hold my breath. The battery life on this phone is THE ABSOLUTE WORST of any cell phone I have ever used. It is beyond awful. I do not used my phone more than the average cell phone user, so that is not the cause. Nor do I use apps. The problem is simply that the battery life sucks!!!!!! This is the worst feature of the phone. I do not find the phone to be any faster than other smartphones. I think most are comparable. The touchscreen is problematic, as oftentimes touches are not recognized. As for Siri-she sucks! I do not know one person who has said otherwise. Siri does NOT recognize what is spoken to her more than 5% of the time, and that 5% is generous!! The voice recognition on the iPhone 5 is subpar. I do not think it is worth wasting my time trying to use it, as I always have to correct it. It is much easier to pull car over, go to Safari and type in the info I want & go from there. DO NOT depend on Siri or voice recognition for anything. When Siri does understand what you say, she can get you the info requested, but is more likely to frustrate you. If you do use the keypad for typing, always check before you send! The 5 is notorious for mistakes because the keys are so small the user will hit many wrong keys, resulting in unreadable text. It should be noted that I have very small hands and fingers. I cannot imagine what it must be like for those who are larger. Another problem with the typing is the tendency to hit the space bar instead of the bottom row on the keyboard. It makes for strange texts, but when people find out I have an iphone 5 they almost always understand. It is a very common problem. As for problems or glitches, every phone will have some duds. My friend bought the 5 and after having had to go back to the store 3 times in 6 days & exchanging the 1st phone for another she returned it and got a Samsung. She wishes she never got rid of her Blackberry, but is much happier with the Samsung than the 5. Several friends have had problems with the notifications not working. Sometimes the 5 simply shuts down and a reset has to be performed to turn the phone back on, which is very annoying. However, this is not the only phone for which this happens. Basically, this is an average phone. I think I am rating it higher than I would if I was not such a Mac/Apple fan.It is not worth the hype and certainly should not be seen as a status symbol. Why people think having a certain phone makes them better than those with other phones is beyond me, but that is what some believe. Of course, this does not apply to all users, those who do know who they are. In my opinion there is nothing special about the phone.Is it me or the commercial that represents the apple products being designed in california as a failed advertising gimick. I mean what the hell does that even mean designed in california but made in china wtf. Apple unlike companies like Intel have to open a us office and give back a little since they have more money than some countries. Samsung should make a commercial designed in South Korea but made in the fing USA. Apple is going down the drain really quick all you have to do is look at their stock price in the last year and you know that its almost over. The hype is gone and due to their product manager ( 2nd in command after steve jobs) got fired for not apologizing to the public about the maps fiasco. even though he told the new ceo that removing google maps is a bad idea. The company is going down quickly , here let me make a penis size ipad for the ladies , maybe that will change somethingThe iphone works perfectly but just after 2 weeks of using it, the lighting to usb cable stopped charging. I tried everything (plugging it directly in the computer, plugging it on the wall, restaring the phone etc, and it never worked). I tried to contact the seller to do somehting about it, but never got a responseI bought 2 iPhones 5 and using them is a challenge unless you have a power outlet next to you or close all the apps that should be used by a smart phone. 15 months later my wife's phone lasts for 2 hours with 10 min talk time..I could not use this phone becuase it is not unlocked. I tried to use it in USA and in Colombia and it did not worked with SIM cards from several providers. I ask to get my money back.well, i bought this because its unlocked. so i send it to over seas but it didnt work. i am gonna have tp return it and get my money back thank you. that's my email address if you would like to connect me moyed.love90@yahoo.com Thank you. NoorSo, the title here says it all. This phone is a raging liberal, complete with fake dreadlocks and patchouli smell. DO NOT get this phone anywhere near Bill O'Reilly. You will be bothered by hours of drivel running the gamut from free healthcare for poor Native American children to rants about how the social policies of Mao Zedong were beneficial for China's economic interests in the long run. Never shut up until I discovered that it is the perfect height to fit under the leg of my dining room table and stop the wobble. On the positive side, though, the gorilla glass holds up well when used as a spatula, though I can't recommend its use on non-stick pans. Proven to be reliable at dropping calls, I found the intrusiveness of the Apple OS to be a bit reminiscent of Orwell's 1984. If you take this phone over to your mother's house, be prepared for random outbursts of profanity, as Siri has become quite a vindictive b***h. It's like she feels entitled to attention or something. All this aside, the product was designed in California. So 5 stars.Item met expectations but charger was bad and stopped working about a month after use. Always coming up with the message 'charger not certified for use and may not work properly&#34;I ordered a unlocked version, however, when I received it was AT&T locked - I am in a foreign country and its not working now. I do not know how to deal with this. Thanks HarishI've had top of the line androids, blackberrys, etc. Always come back to the iPhone. Why? Because Apple has gotten it right and thankfully they have only improved upon perfection with each new model. I started using iPhone since the 3G and now I have the 5 and I still think this is the best smartphone you could own. Everthing is great, from the size of the phone to the battery and the speed and when you need a phone to work for things such as calls, text messages, emails and internet access, you can count on the iPhone working flawlessly everytime. I like the fact that Apple has not made this into a phablet and hopefully they never do.Thanks, all good except that the 12v charger was not delivered and the fact that I had to call AT&T to unlock the phone, since it was not unlocked as on description.Lots of features, slim, lightweight and lots os Apps. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to watch v&iacute;deos and surf the Web.I'm not going to repeat all the (true) superlatives other used for this phone. Just this: if you're consider buying a phone to someone who never used a smartphone before, or who is not computer savvy, the iPhone+Apple iOS environment are far easier to master than the alternatives. Intuitive user-interface coupled with seamless functionality of the apps available, make it a positive experience to the novice.I've had three iPhones. A 3 a 4 and now the iPhone 5 (skipping the 3s and 4s). I've never felt compelled to write a review although I've liked each one. But the other day I dropped my iPhone into water, where it was submerged for several seconds. I thought it was a goner for sure. After drying it off there was still water seeping out from inside the phone. I did the old rice in-a-bag trick, which often works. My iPhone is back online, with absolutely no side effects from the submersion. This demonstration of quality compelled me to write a review for once. On top of the many minor drops, sweaty runs, overuse, and general carelessness - the fact that it can recover from water submersion, to me, is a sign of a basic level of quality I need in a phone. Apple could probably manufacture these to fail under that level of mistreatment, so that we have to buy another, but they care about the performance of their product (in this case). So 5 stars for the iPhone 5. Oh, by the way, the rest of the device is great too. Camera's nice, lighter than older models, quick LTE speeds, blah blah. Battery life is just acceptable, but not enough for me to dislike it.Nice phone, i like it..Phone came in good condition and working good. Looks good and performs good...It is really good...it is very similar from the old I-phone 4s.. I really expected more from apple. in those moment I do miss steve jobsThe service is excelent, the assistance from the operators on the online chat was very helfull and they solve all my problems, I bought from Argentina with an International credit card and every thing was just on time.I just have to thank you guys 4 the good work, and I am really happy by everthing about the phone been working very good. I will definitely by another Phone, without even think twice. Keep the good work, very pleased.I love mi iphone 5 i buy the model A1428 16gb 4g factory unlocked it's have a good screen the size is very confortable and have a good grafics the barety is very well have a resistence of 8hr with hard work and this conserve a good temperature the camare is good and recomen this phoen 100% i am fine for buy this very good cell phone!Let me start by saying that I'm not a techno geek. I use my iphone for work and convenience. I've read comments about Apple wanting to force you to pay more for stuff like recharges. Just look at Amazon. Great prices! I use this phone for a couple of reasons. It is smooth and easy to deal with, unlike my older htc. I don't have problems, my battery seems to last great, it looks and feels good. Another reason is that at least some of the iphone is made/designed in the United states and Apple is currently planning on building a manufacturing plant here. In our times, when technology is taking jobs, when corporations aren't hiring even though making gains, it doesn't make sense to buy something made completely elsewhere. Especially when there isn't a technology superiority. Even though I just use the phone and not understand how it works I know this because the likes of Samsung, etc., wouldn't be comparing to Apple if it wasn't true, now would they?The iPhone is Ok, but the headphones, dock and cables are not original from Apple. Its been very disappointing really.My boyfriend and I have been wanting an iphone for awhile. The phone came fast and is amazing. Its nice and slim.I switched from Sprint with an unlimited everything plan with an htc evo 4g and I switched to a shared 4gb plan on verizon with a black iPhone 5 16gb. Off the bat, the verizon plan is cheaper, and the coverage and speed is better and more reliable. The iPhone itself is a wonderful piece of technology. I have never owned an iPhone before, so I cannot comment on it's worth compared to a previous model. However, the processor and RAM is very fast, making transitions between apps and videos/pictures smooth and fast. The screen is amazing to look at, and I like it has a larger size, thus being able to fit another row of apps on the home screens. The speakers sound great, and so do the new headphones included. They are no longer the standard white earbud headphones, the new ones are a different shape and have a more full sound. I have owned an iPod 4th generation previously, and I am glad that they have finally moved the headphones input to the bottom of the phone--finally it matches all other devices I have ever had. Siri is amazing to have. I love the intuitiveness of responding to and answering my commands and questions. One of the cons compared to an android phone is the lack of a quick shortcut to be able to turn off 4G and 3G when out of wifi range. You have to go into settings and then into a couple other areas to turn the 3G, 4G off. However, I have found that if you double-click the home button it will bring up recent apps or the settings panel, and if you press settings, and the last settings you looked at was the toggle for 3G 4G then it will bring you directly to that page. Battery life is competitive compared to other phones I have used. Lastly, consider buying the AppleCare Protection instead of the Verizon monthtly warranty. The AppleCare is only 99$ compared to the Verizon $11/month. The AppleCare lasts two years and the deductible for a replacement phone is around 49$. The only con to the AppleCare is that it does not cover lost/stolen phones. However, with the 'Find my iPhone' app and all the other options of finding or retrieving a lost phone, I do not see it as a major problem when combined with the major savings money-wise compared to the higher cost of the Verizon monthly warranty and their higher deductible.Excelente producto el vendedor tambi&eacute;n es muy responsable la entrega se realizo en el tiempo acordado, lo recomiendo muy confiableRealize mi compra desde venezuela, el producto me llego excelente, sellado de caja y desbloqueado de fabrica, osea todo un exito.el mejor celular del mercado mejor que el s3 segun mi opinion . la faricacion es mas lujosa y es mas rapidoExcelente el tiempo de entrega que esta pautado en el perfil, comprado desde Venezuela. El producto llego en perfecto estado sellado y optimas condiciones. GRACIASEl iphone lleg&oacute; sin ning&uacute;n problema y en perfectas condiciones. Nuevo de paquete. Todo muy bien y 100% calidad Gracias!!It was very good. I liked it, it came as I expected. I will enjoy it. safda . asf .Eu comprei o produto pois precisava de um celular novo e ele realmente superou minhas expectativas. Eu amei a compra e o vendedor ainda enviou uma capinha de graa, enfim, estou muito satisfeito.This is my first IPhone, but I am in love. I originally had a G2 T-Mobile phone for about 2 years and decided about 6 months ago, I wanted something more different so I decided to get a IPhone. I loved my G2 Phone but noticed it wasn't faster than my nieces IPhone 4, so I purchased one and its great. The screen is bright and crisp not fuzzy at all, downloading is very fast no matter what you need done. I also was about to purchase a MP3 player because I wanted to watch and download videos,and my G2 phone did not download videos from different websites, so instead of paying another $100 dollars to &300 dollars on a simple MP3 player that probably would stop working or become very slow, I decided to buy this IPhone instead. The only downside is that you have to know how to transfer your mp3 music to this phone. But I am very happy with the decision I made! Thanks Apple!!!Realmente un buen celular, muy buena tecnolog&iacute;a, la calidad de la c&aacute;mara es realmente buena, es s&uacute;per delgado el celular.This is an excellent product, very smart and useful. I could recommend it for everyone who love end tech. This is a beautiful device too.This is my third Iphone, I am very accostumed to theese cell phones, I recomend it, the Apple store and Iclouds are very good.I've been using it about a month. Just loved it. Much faster than Iphone 4. Very slim. So pretty. It really filled my expectations.One of my friend has just bought this extremely designed phone. I found chance to check it out in deep. If you have a plan to buy it but still has some doubts, Believe me no need any doubts because it is looking amazing, super light, cool, fast and satisfactory as much as Iphone4s. Please let me know whether this phone can be used with a european SIM card like vodafone england or germany. Thanks!I think I'm getting OBSESSED, I LOVE the iPhone 5 and definitely one of the best choices I've ever done with a phone.After using the iphone 5 for two months, I am unhappy with it. Battery performance is very very disappointing. The battery does not run a full working day of normal use, ie. telephone calls, e-mailing and a few photos being taken. The phone runs out of power before the evening and becomes a problem if you are on a bussiness trip for example. I have used i phone 3G before and the performance of i phone 5 is much worse.I am pretty hesitant in purchasing any used product. However, the iphone 5 was listed as good as new (9.9/10), so I brought it. I got a nano SIM Card from T-mobile and it works perfectly. The new display in iphone 5 is slightly better than iphone4S/ 4. The batty also works approximately 2 days after fully charged. I also liked the new panorama feature. What makes the iphone 5 better than other good quality phones, is its big screen. In spite of its big screen he phone fits easily in my jeans pocket however, other good phone with similar features are much bigger and therefore impracticable to easily carry around.I bought iphone 5 in this shop for Russia, before purchase answered quickly all questions - on delivery and use, phone came new as promised, everything works, thank you very much! ! ! !excelent 100% bueno. las mejores marcas del mercado lo recomiendo con los ojos cerrados desde caracas venezuela recomiendo a toda la comunidad del mundoIt is a nice phone, looks new, and is functional, it is very lucky for me to buy this phone!MET DESCRIPTION AND I GOT IT ON TIME I REALLY WAS SATISFY AND HAPPY IT WAS THE WAY THEY DESCRIBE IT! THANKSThe phone is worse than I think, the degree of damage on the surface of the cell phone is very serious.Excellent model for all the use I give to mobile devices. Operating system and quick access to all the applications I use daily. 100 percent preferred.It was a very good deal. The phone was listed as used but in fact it was new, or looks like new. 100% satisfied!Okay, I've spent years resisting Apple phones because I didn't want to sound like yet another fanboi. I thought of them as little more than toys. I could not have been more mistaken. My iPhone is the best phone that I've ever used in a business environment. From the way it seamlessly integrates with Exchange to being able to schedule appointments by voice, it simply continues to amaze. Its voice recognition is second-to-none, and the productivity apps that is has is very impressive. My only gripe, and it's a small one, is that an app that would be free on the Android platform usually costs money. Other than that, this is a very impressive piece of hardware that I hope to have for years to come.I was going to return it but today is the deadline and it's Sunday. I now have it on Craig's List for sale. I can only use this phone with AT&T so now I think it sucks. It's an UnLocked IPhone, I should be able to use it with any company but sadly AT&T is the only one I can find a Nano Sim card for this phone.Couldn't have asked for better. Works flawlessly. Thanks a bunch. Keep on hooking us up with these magical products yoYou would think that after spending $650 on a phone that is highly susceptible to receiving scratches and dirty fingerprints that it would be courteous to add a protective cover for free and one that would also have an accessible earphone jack. I bought one in advance knowing that the problem with scratches and other wear and tear would be a factor to consider when using this phone. I've taken the phone out of its protective cover a couple of times and it already shows evidence of my doing so. This greatly aggravates me. I suggest to anyone purchasing an iPhone to consider purchasing a protective case also.I like the phone very much, what I disliked is the fact that my charger is not working and I am unable to return it for a new charger. If anyone can help me with this problem I would surely appreciate it. It was a very exspensive item to purchase for me. I can not use the phone without the charger. If someone can contact me I would appreciate it very much. sincerely Mary CostaTHIS IPHONE LIKE IT SO MUCH, THE SIZE IS PERFECT AND THE APP HELP ME IN MY JOB AND MY RECREATION TIMEI ordered iPhone 5 16GB unlocked and i was visiting USA at the time and they promised me, it will be delivered before I leave. It Came on time and same as described and worked fine. Recommended to everyone . ThanksI recomend this buyer it is quick and responsable and the thing a bought it is as expected buy a recomend themIt's a very good phone and i gave it to my dad, he likes it very much. Just some scratches on the back.I chose the cell phone Iphone 5 for having previously used the iPhone 4S, which I considered very useful phone for its diverse and innovative applications.Loooove it! A little too expensive because there's not much difference with the 4s, but totally awesome how thin is it! The battery life is much better :) Thanks!Great product, it has everything that I need and I hoped for. I strongly recommen it if you do not want to have a big smart phoneI had my doubts about moving from Android to iOS, but it seems is a great phone. On the other hand, some configurations didn't work for me, i.e.: import my gmail contacts, I followed several 2 or 3 procedures on the web, but it didn't work. The rest of features, are good, I like itnone of the cases has the device to take the chip. apparently the rest is fine. I'm happy for this shopExcelente iPhone! Very fast when browinsing, has a very nice design, light and resistent. Dropped it a few times and so far it is still working normally.el producto cumple con lo requerido, llego en el tiempo establecido, asi como tambien cumple con las caracteristicas tecnicas del telefonoestoy en venezuela y se retrasa mucho la entrega aqui en mi pais, debo decir que el producto funciona muy bien y estoy satisfecho con la compra.el producto llego en muy buen estado es muy eficiente sus servicios y son muy responsables a la hora de las entregasi am very happy with apple i phone 5 16gb would recommend to any one who wants to get a great deal.The best phone I have ever bought. Good performance, fast and slim. I love all the apps that you can find with this phone.This is one of the best online experiences I ever had. My iPhone 5 works great just as item was posted. With a case too.The best celular phone ever!!! Excellent hardware performance and iOS system is very robust and has a easy and beautiful interface..Excelente celular, mucho mejor que el S3, definitivamente Apple es marca y Samsung es una simple imitaci&oacute;n. Para los que tengan duda, es mas liviano que el S3, m&aacute;s f&aacute;cil de manipular con una sola mano, a quienes les gusten las maquinas de escribir en lugar de una Ultrabook, compren el S3 jajajajajaLike playing chess, internet shopping can be very entertaining if you know your way around scammers, price manipulators, or so call unbiased comparisons that are dubious at best. Then you have your sites that go out of their way, spending valuable time discrediting other items without promoting theirs. Then you ask yourself why? And when you sort through what's left from your choices, you find that you have very few phones left to choose from. Then I hit a promotional site for one of those phones and it links me to another site that linked me to the site that condemned the Apple phone. AHAhhh! Just as I guessed it, someone was paid to bad mouth the iPhone 5. The issue my iPhone was having was an issue that is addressed at the Apple Store but not at my carrier. Apple told me the iPhone 5 out of the box has all of its functions turned on to be seen and appreciated. However, no one utilizes all these tools at the same time. Take for example cell phone networks: the iPhone comes out of the box searching for 1/2 dozen networks. But since it only needs to find your network, all other searches are a waste of power. So you need to turn them off. This goes for WiFi as well. Out of the box and its hunting for WiFi, Bluetooth, everything. Turn everything you are not using off and your phone will last all day. And that goes for apps and other noticeable tools. Then you can set your screen display brightness, for office, sunlight, etc... The brighter the screen has to be the more power it uses. This goes for any phone.Viene completamente liberado de fabrica lo estoy utilizando con movistar y funciona excelente. Una joya de telefono lo recomiendo 100 %Compr&eacute; este tel&eacute;fono para traerlo a Vzla y todo va muy bien. Excelente vendedor altamente recomendado a toda la comunidad.El equipo lleg&oacute; en excelentes condiciones a Venezuela, fue muy r&aacute;pido y eficiente.. recomiendo al reseller al 100%. muchas graciasi like this product because it does everything i hoped and more and i recommend this to anyone that is lookingeveryone knows what is Iphone but honestly speaking i am tired to see one design again and again. they must try something new. but again great features. unbeatable in features.It not unlock i phone 5, boxes and item it difference serial and imei no. Almost not item that me order...I started working out of the country and was very happy with the phone I purchased from you. It works greatCHECK THIS YOUTUBE VIDEO FOR A BETTER REVIEW VS GALAXY S4 http://youtu.be/fGqeZxOqKhg CHECK THIS YOUTUBE VIDEO FOR A BETTER REVIEW VS GALAXY S4 http://youtu.be/fGqeZxOqKhgIt was scratched at several sites, and the package was obviously reproduced. Although the iphone can be used normally, it was obviously an used one, and not a brand new one.At the moment I have both the iphone 4 and the iphone 5. At first you don't see much difference only it has 1 extra row of icons. But it works so much smoother than the iphone 4. Still the interface is the same and it just works great. If you are used to apple products you sure will love this one. And yes there are only a few minor changes and people complain a lot about it, but why change something what already is working great. And the same for cars, a new line of porsche 911 isn't much different than the previous one, yet people still love it but why not with phones? This is just an excellent product and I love it. Why not 5 stars? It's a bit overpriced.i have no idea why my review has been declined by amazon. i have commented and expressed all my view on the product. here it is. shipping was fast. package was good and phone well protected. the phone is brand-new, was unlocked and unactivated. i bought it on amazon with more paying because of my lack of local billing credit card. apple store gives 644 plus around 54 tax. here i got one with 724.88 in total. surely here are cheapers on amazon i however selected the seller because of its primer and i am confident that i would avoid a possibly refurbished one. hi, amazon, could it go now?el producto llego en el tiempo indicado, muy buen servicio, muchas gracias por afrecer una magnifica atencion a los usuario............!!!I love this cell! I had weeks dreaming about it and it finally arrived to my hands. It is a nice cellphonethe first thing I have liked about the iPhone 5 is its good looks. The setup is nicely guided to the letter with an option to back .The internet speed is unbelievable. I browse the internet beautifully. This phone is just incredible. The music output is also very good. the only sad part is that I can not buy anything from the Apple store because my country Zambia is not listed. I would not mind recommending it to family and friendsThis new apple Iphone is really faster than the others. Only this feature was enough for me to consider to by this onde ;-)I got this phone after using my iphone 4 for more than two years .. And this one is so much better i know it is obvious but the phone is really better than i thought it would be!the apple i phone was not unlocked now iam haveing aproblem trunein it on now i have to git a diffrinte carryerBought 4 iphone 5 phones. 2 of these phones with snooze button on top right corner not working at 11 month. I talked to a representative about this problem at 11 months and they had this on file but still they did not honor my warranty when I was finally able to take it to a store at the 13th month. I did not have the time to take it in and I thought since they had the problem on file they would honor my phones but the apple care supervisor pretty much told me &#34;tuff luck&#34;. Apple care sucks---they are hard nosed and unrealistic. I can't believe how rude the supervisor can be. Jessica case #545093734. She acknowledged that the problem was reported at 11months but since it is the 13th month they will absolutely not fix the problem. They want to charge me $199/each to fix those 2 phones. As for the third phone it totally broke. It kept flashing on and off. Good thing since this was my 12 year old sons phone I did purchase the apple care and was able to get it replaced. As for the fourth phone, the same button is starting to have problems. APPLE QUALITY WENT DOWN THE DRAIN BIG TIME!!!Upgraded from a 4s and as soon as I held it. I felt a difference. It is super fast especially with 3G. I am so happy and content with apple products why go elsewhere. So far there are no cons only pros. I LOVE THIS PHONE and I am very excited about IOS 7. Apple really hit a home run with the iPhone 5.excellent seller, I recommend 100 %. very good product. The A1428 model iPhone 5 is the Canadian and US AT&T network GSM iPhone, including broad support for UMTS/HSPA+DC-HSDPA (frequencies 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz), GSM/EDGE (frequencies 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz), and LTE bands 4 and 17.I tested this phone early april and its feature is pretty good as compare to my old iphone 3gs. I will soon buy a new smartphone but may consider buying the Samsung galaxy s4 due to its bigger screen. If apple came out with a bigger screen version like 5 inch same as Samsung galaxy S4, I will buy it instead of Samsung galaxy s4. I have ipad 4 so I can still use my apps. I may maintain my old iphone 3gs as navigational device and for some of the apps just in case I decided to buy Samsung galaxy s4.the phone already had power and cable above USBE was damaged, the camera team totalmete not optimal and has many details.i rate it two star because i ordered a new one but i got i used one. then i send it back and got my money back but i paid an additional 20$ for shipmentApple iphone is still the best one in the world, cool design, super fast, super lighter, retina display is really cool and is extremely responsive, it never freezes, an incredible app store with millions of excelent apps, the volumen have been improved, there aren't any other smartphone that can beat the iphone 5.muy buen telefono, es exelente quizas el mejor que alla salido hasta ahora, el envio fue rapido y un exelente vendedor, lo recomiendo....iPhone 5 IS artilhe best in It's category. Great design, awesome features and the best Apps available on market through AppStoreIt's perfect. Super slim and light weigh. I'd used to have the 4sg but this one it's way much better. Retina display its awesome.It is basical the same as I4s but I love the screen and the camera, that is all the new in this i5, I bought it because I need a cellphone faster than I4, it is cool and I love it, but is not a really sorprising, ios is the same boring as always, Ios need a change of image.muy buena la venta r&aacute;pido la entrega y perfecto el equipo con todos sus accesorios sin ningun tipo de detallestudo perfeito, all perfect, veio na caixa com todos os acess&oacute;rios em perfeito estado, na data programa, sem qualquer problema.This phone is awesome I'm so glad I decided to buy it!! There was no money wasted!! It was so worth the pricrHe was very thoughtful with a letter explaining everything, it came with almost everything even the warranty, but it didn't have the thing to open the tray for the sim cardVery comfortable, beautiful and stylish! What I needed. Granted, there are drawbacks, but it's iPhone! Connection is very stable, no problems.The PHONE HAD to SEND 31.10.2013 BUT I STILL haven'T GOT IT TODAY 03.10.2013. WROTE TO THE SELLER BUT NOTHING CONCRETE I HAVE NOT WRITTEN ABOUT MY PHONE WHERE IT IS CURRENTLY . THE NUMBER OF TRACKING OF PARCELS THAT SENT ME, I CANNOT TRACE FINDING MY &#1058;&#1045;&#1051;&#1045;&#1060;&#1054;&#1053;&#1040;.&#1042;&#1057;&#1045; HOPE THAT I WILL SEE THE PHONE. I WISH THE SELLER TO PERFORM AND CHEAT THEIR CUSTOMERS. THIS IS THE FIRST SHOP WHICH BAD FAITH RELATES TO THEIR WORK.The iPhone 5 is everything I expected and more. It is a big improvement from the iPhone 4S. Definitely recommended!El tel&eacute;fono vino destapado. con detalle en un costado de la carcasa. no recomendado, son equipos extremadamente costosos para recibirlos de este modo.... The phone came uncovered. detail in one side of the housing. not recommended, are extremely expensive equipment to receive them in this way ....This may have been a ground breaking product years ago, but it's getting very long in the tooth now. Every man and his dog has had one, and they have all the appeal and sexiness of some art deco furniture (cool but impractical). The richest company on the planet is churning these out like wonka bars from sweat shops and they've hardly changed since they first arrived. So yes smart phones were pretty much invented here and there's nothing bad about them, but Android/Windows are both better choices now. The love affair with Mac (or rabbit in headlights, marketing managed euphoria) is over - style over substance will only hold peoples attention if you can keep evolving.There is a mark on the charger, and there is no usb cable, also when i change another cable, iPhone can not be charged!The phone can not connect to any USB port, or mac or pc, I changed the cable and it does not work, not even charging the battery. I sent an email to Directbuywireless through Amazon page on July 15 and have had no response. I live in Argentina, now I sent it with a person who traveled to Florida, he was going to connect with an Apple Store to give him a solution.Hi, I bought this iphone for almost a month, I'm using it for two weeks and has manufacturing defects: The Lightning input Connector damaged. When connected, usually do not charge anything, I can not use the phone while connected because the screen loses control. The cable stopped working the second day, I had to buy another for myself. I am a customer of Apple for many years and this product does not work at all well, I demand a change. I am in Peru, and would like to change it as soon as possible, please let me know what to do and what would be the approximate time to have a new product in good condition. Thank you.He said the phone was in good shape and it was.... no complaints about that ..... just the power cord was bad.I have not received the equipment manuals so I doubt product status. bothered me a lot because it is the first time that Apple and come porductos receipts without manual plus the packaging of the boxes come with some stamps q not seem manufactured. new apple products are factory sealed hermeticamentes. I would like an answer on where equipment manuals are??Apple iPhone 5 16GB (Black) - Unlocked all items arrive ok as expected. product and timing ok. ok . okHey if anyone wants a free iphone 5 go to Referral Link: [...]and complete an offer and refer a couple people and you will get a free iphone and its real.I bought a A1428, but a received a A1429 iphone. I dont know the diference. My phone works weell. but in Brazil you can only buy a A1428 model.I have my new iPhone 5 for two weeks now. This is what I don't like so far: - Lack of LED indicator on phone body. I cannot see statuses, missed calls, alerts, etc. To me it is a basic functionality item. - Battery drains very fast. I tried to switch off Bluetooth, GPS ... still phone uses a lot of power. Battery meter feels like American full size SUV. As result you have to always carry with you USB cable and charger(s). - If you use maps with GPS and voice directions the phone becomes really hot, losing 50% of battery charge in one hour. Pretty much you have to keep it on car charger. - Vibrate signals are weak. I keep missing calls and messages. - I miss Qwerty keypad. It's so much easier. People who drive and use touch screen phones are purely suicidal and danger for others. - When driving and using Bluetooth I noticed interference. I never had it with BB. - iPhone 5 feels like piece of 8 mm thick glass. Because of sharp edges it's not pleasant to keep in hand. With iPhone you must buy a good skin. - With iTunes software you do not feel in control. iPhone 5 is overpriced and overhyped device. Not too good at basic cell phone functionalities and not good enough for entertainment / media functions (too small at least). Unfortunately I do not have a choice, otherwise I would order another Smartphone.good so good ,i like it,this is my love ,it's new one,so happey new year,i used for 4days,so cool ,When we received the iphone, the inside box was opened, the seal was also removed. I suspected this iphone is not brand new, it must be returned by someone, I don't think this iphone is worth this price.apple is s*** im writing a review of an iphone 5 I had android is way better I switched to the galaxy s4 and now the Nexus 5...best phone that beats overpriced apple samsung and HTC combines is the One Plus phone...called the One Plus one...snapdragon 801 2.5 GHZ and its 300 dollars its a flagship killer from china!! chinese companie one plus made it so much better then the 5S and is a fraction of the price...it offers a 5 megapixel front facing camera as well...just research it youll like it better then this iphone...had an iphone 5 and screen cracked from 3 feet with a case...I have the iphone already, it looks like new, but isnt, when i tried to activate the game center in the iphone this told me that already the account exists (User: Rachel), the same way with the Icloud.My bro and mom has this phone, ever sense they got it in that awesome apple box......... i couldnt help but to think i will get that phone no matter what the cost.I waited to get the iPhone5 b'cause I needed to access 4G, so limped along on an older 3GS. What a disappointment! iPhone5 has a nicer weight and feel to it than the 4S, but who is this designed for? The distance between ear to bottom ratio with a small keyboard looks like it was made for a guy with a long jaw but tiny fingers. When you turn it sideways to use the keyboard, the screen disppears to half the height :/ Really think Apple jumped the Shark. When other phones are opting for bigger displays, it seems like the iPhone has decided to be the opposite. Not a big fan of Samsung and tired of Apple expecting me to buy a new iphone every 6 mos to year. That, and the inability to get a universal iphone says it's time to move onto the Xperia Z.Do not pay extra for an unlocked iPhone 5, all iPhone 5's are unlocked by default. It's only the 4S and below with a standard SIM card that require a real factory unlock. I have my iPhone 5 from Verizon, you can pull the nano SIM out of the factory verizon phone and plug in another from ATT and it will work. Ask two friends on different carriers who both have iPhone 5's switch the SIM card and watch them both work.First things first the iphone 5 is too narrow. Its almost useless for web viewing, the Samsung note 2 is probably the only phone that wins hands down for the purpose of replacing a laptop for your internet needs especially with its HD resolution display. Also I don't support anything with non removable battery. Number 1 I like to have more than 1 battery because 4G will eat away a battery life. Secondly these batteries will lose close to 20% of its max life every year. in a couple years you really will feel it and would be useless by then. Selling someone the iphone now since you may want to upgrade they will have to send it back to apple and pay a outrageous price to get the battery changed. I don't believe in non removable batteries. I don't support that rubbish. My Galaxy S2 has removable battery and the casing goes back on as though it was never a removable battery to begin with. I know rubbish phones like Motorola Atrix 2, the back cover tends to feel flexible and wobbly giving it some nasty cheap feel but samsung has no problems with this you can't ever tell if its removable or not, its that sturdy. The reason I still buy a samsung phone and not other phones anymore is simply for the battery. Secondly the Iphone still uses ancient LCD display. The samsung phones uses Super AMOLED + display. Organic LED is the future and anyone who has seen it in real life would know just how advanced it is. Iphone uses cheap parts to cut costs while charging the customers a pound and a crown because they know the fan boys are too stupid to think for themselves. People talk a set of rubbish like Steve Jobs was this great innovator and innovation at Apple died along with Steve. The truth is he was a greedy selfish scumbag that paid chinese slave workers $1 a day to make iphones. He innovated nothing instead he stole every one of his so called inventions. For example touch screen phones was first invented by IBM and HTC, he just stole the idea. He then stole the GUI from Linux for Mac.There is an error in your database. This operation was not performed. I bought the iphone 5 in apple store GuillermoI am completely unsatisfied with the product. They battery doesn't which was not at all mentioned in the add. The person whoever sold me is a greatest crook, please be careful. He sold be a phone which has hardware problem. This kind of selling should be band from Amazon, I am not blaming Amazon at all, since I brought lots of stuff earlier never had any issues, this time the particular seller is a big time cheater. Sorry for the comment, but I was so embarrassed since I got this phone for one of my friend.Its a really limited basic smartphone. Which is ok for some, but I don't see a reason to pay so much for a such a basic phone. Most flagship phones are a lot better than iphone. I had a few generations of iphones. The original iphone was ahead of the competition, but now they are behind and just getting sales off their name.I purchased an iphone 5 in the store and I was excited because I have had the iphone 3g, 4, and 4s so I just couldnt wait to get the 5. It turned out to be one of the worst iphones I ever owned. I had problems from day one. I didnt even keep the phone for a week. The phone had wifi issues, I couldn't hear good when I was on the phone. It also wouldnt connect to a phone call as soon as you answered. I also had imessahing issues, my phone constantly lost service in my house and never had a problem before, and my icloud did not work. It was just an all around piece of trash and its sad because I had all iphones and loved them. Unfortuantely I had too use my upgrade for the 4s I already owned because I sold my old one. Just really think about purchasing this phone it has way to many issues and I am not the only one who had these issues. But if you like dealing with apples horrible customer service then this is the perfect phone for you.This is a comedy of errors but I am writing it in case anyone else runs into any of the same situations. My wife and I have excellent cell phone service with Consumer Cellular (CC), a no contract provider. I had bought her a Motorola Bravo from them and they sent a regular size sim card which works perfectly. My wife's Chrysler 300C was starting to require many repairs and she was wanting to replace it with a Jeep. I bought her a 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited but her Motorola Bravo is not compatible with the Jeep Voice Command System. I decided to go all out and bought her an unlocked iphone 5 which I expected to be compatible with both the Jeep Voice Command System and with our carrier, Consumer Cellular. My only concern was how to get the regular sim card in my wife's Motorola Bravo cell phone down to nano size to fit the Apple. However, I figured that CC would have a solution such as sending a nano sim card and deactivating the Motorola Bravo sim card. As I wrote, I just took it for granted that this allegedly latest and greatest engineering wonder (according to the ads) would be compatible with both the Jeep and CC. So I ordered the outrageously priced unlocked iphone 5. As usual, Amazon quickly processed my order and notified me that the phone had been shipped. I called CC to request a nano sim and was told by two different reps that the iphone 5 is not compatible with their service. I decided that I would keep CC as my server but when the iphone 5 arrived I would take it down to Walmart and sign my wife up for StraightTalk which is also a no contract server and which advertises the iphone 5 in their ads. The phone arrived in a small box, the kind that has a tear-off strip along one edge. There was no packing in the box. One end of the box was open and the cellophane wrapping was torn and disheveled. I had no way of testing the phone to check for internal damage and I had enough drama so I sent it back and bought my wife a Samsung Focus 2 for about one fourth the price of the iphone 5. I called CC and they shipped a micro sim which should arrive in a few days. Obviously CC must believe that this phone is compatible with them but as for the jeep it is anyones guess. This is where my soap opera ends as far as this review is concerned. The moral of the story is that it would behoove anyone who is in the market for a 2014 vehicle with Voice Command features or is considering a new cell phone which would be used with your existing carrier or would be paired with your vehicle to do a thorough amount of research to avoid duplicating my experiences. One final note. My cell phone is a Sony Xperia P which I bought from Amazon. It works perfectly with CC and pairs and connects perfectly with my wife's Jeep. If her Samsung has any compatibility issues I will end the drama and give her my Sony. Then I wil punt.good morning I am interested to buy iphone 5 am from Venezuela want to know which version deveria use here in my country and I'm online movistar q and q I have understood the t-mobile version does not lift the 3G network would like to know who should buy await your response thanksDaughter wanted an I phone. I use android was reluctant but since she was going to pay the bill I said okay this phone is nothing but trouble doesn't work nearly as well as my galaxy note 2 which she was used to borrowing.. range is less battery time is less small screen just plain sucks nuff said I'll stick with Android...I had the phone for 1 week before it told me i have not enough space left on the device.... Follow my advice if you want to make photos and videos with this stunning cam inside you will need this version at least [...]this is the best smartphone ever made. there is no denying. epic design with epic abilities. slimmer, LESS heavier. just epic.Hello my name is C&eacute;sar im from Venezuela. This is the best smartphone ever made since steve jobs leaved this world i know god has him right next to him. I have a question and i hope you can answer me. Does this iphone works with MOVISTAR VENEZUELA?. I know that here we dont have the nano sim card yet but i can cute very well my sim card. I want to buy it but i don't know if this iphone works with MOVISTAR VENEZUELA. Please i hope you can answer me and sorry about my English. Long live to apple.You are not paying for the specs, you are paying for Apple Service and iOS.Ok first off I know everyone thinks that this phone just because it has low specs, means it is not worth it, firstly, this phone, if it gets ruined or something goes wrong, Apple doesn't fix it, they REPLACE your phone with a new phone, apple's services for iPhone is what is the real deal here, you are paying for the best after sales services and the premium quality of apple and of course, the iOS which never lags, has more apps than android, and will always stay snappy, never will lag, and it is just so fast, reason being is that iOS is SPECIFICALLY made for the iPhone and since there is only one iPhone, (Ehm I know there is the previous ones) 
Apple makes their OS specifically for THEIR phone, so the iOS used in iPhone 5 is specifically designed to be used on iPhone 5, where as that's not the case with Android, 
 
Android at the end of a day is a google product, other companies like samsung just tweek &quot;Google's creation&quot; and just put it on their phones, therefore making Android much less flexible and more non-sturdy for every phone out there. So basically Android is not just made for a single device, it's a operation system used in numerous phones therefore it can't be perfect! 
 
Where as iPhone's OS should be called ONLY just made for the iPhone so that makes it require much less specs and run even faster than Android, I compared this phone's snappy speed to a Galaxy S4, Galaxy S4 may be smooth and have much more customizations than iOS, but the speed of the iPhone especially while opening an app is WAYY quicker, it's just happens in a SNAP! 
 
iPhone at the end of the day is the best phone out there because of it's service, and reliability and of course being an iPhone, every app being made out there is first tested on the iPhone then ported to android, so iPhone is the MAIN phone out there right now! 
 
So if you can afford this phone, I say it's worth it!The best money can get(in-depth review).I have been using this phone for the past 3 months. Following r da pros n cons.. 
PROS: 
1)	LOOKS: It looks classy..premium construction&hellip;premium looks&hellip;only htc one is any close to this..but den it&rsquo;s a lil bulky in front of the iphone 5. 
2)	SCREEN: Excellent 4 inch screen&hellip;great contrast n brightness..ok its ppi of 326 is less dan htc one/s4/htc butterly&hellip;bt if ur eyes cant differentiate between pixels in 326 ppi den wots da use of 441 ppi(Samsung galaxy s4) or 468 ppi(htc one)&hellip;..extra pixels wud only cause battery drain&hellip;excellent viewing under sun also&hellip;beats s4 and htc one hands down&hellip; 
3)	CAMERA: Its 8mp&hellip;bt its excellent in any kind of situations..under bright light it produces photo wid great detail without any oversaturation of colours&hellip;navigation to camera app from lock screen is very fast&hellip;.in low light condition also it produces some amazing snaps&hellip;s4 is a real bummer in dis aspect&hellip;it matches lumia 920 n htc one on dis aspect&hellip;iphone 4s also has a great camera&hellip;iphone 5 is only an improved version of 4s with better low light photography&hellip;I have downloaded an app called as &ldquo;Kitcam&rdquo; dat helps u increase da shutter speed/exposure time till 1 second&hellip;dis makes u click sm amazing photos in night w/o flash&hellip;in general da shutter speed is also amazing..u click n u hv da pic..Even da back camera(1.3 mp) is great for self portraits n video chatting.. 
4)	VIDEO: Excellent image stabilization produces better video footages as compared wid s4 and htc one&hellip;only lumia 920 produces a lil better video under shaky circumstances 
5)	BATTERY: With 3G on all da tme&hellip;..4 mail accounts synced&hellip;calls..safari web browsing&hellip;whatsapp&hellip;camera&hellip;switching between apps like facebook, flipboard,ndtv, tumblr etc..it gives me a solid 12-15 hrs&hellip;its better dan any android phone.. 
6)	MUSIC: An ipod is always in an iphone&hellip;music quality is decent wid da apple earpods supplied..its bass heavy n a lot better dan its previous iteration&hellip;but if u upgrade ur cans den u can listen to sm serious audio&hellip;I have bose ie2 earphone and Beats Studio headphones n da music quality is full of detail even in da top volume settings..As far as da speaker goes.. its also loud enough wid great detail wen not increased to the max volume(for some songs)&hellip;otherwise its great.. 
7)	APPS: Don&rsquo;t have much to say here&hellip;its known to da world dat da appstore has more n better apps dan any other platform&hellip; 
8)	IOS: The software running under da hood i.e IOS 6.1.4(latest) is excellent without any lags&hellip;u multi task..open any number of apps..it wont lag..i have 105 apps installed wid 30-40 apps open always on an average&hellip; 
9)	ACCESSORIES: One of da biggest advantages of having an iphone is da friendliness with accessories..u have 100s of great accessories available(not everything available in India..but u have eBay) available dat can even enhance n exploit da already gud features of iphone..recently I bought Ollocip dat is a camera enhancer..its has 3 lenses dat can be very easily connected to iphone 5 n help u take excellent pics&hellip;.  
10)	SOFTWARE UPGRADATION: One thing in which android sucks is the software upgradation&hellip;an apple device gets to njoy 4 upgraded versions wid timely updates..iphone 4 was launched in 2010 with ios4&hellip;its been upgraded to ios6..n ios 7 wud be its last upgrade&hellip;whereas android devices don&rsquo;t get more dan 2 upgrades and time is also a big factor&hellip;Sony xperis S(last year&rsquo;s sonys&rsquo; flagship) hasn&rsquo;t received jelly Bean till now&hellip;Nexus devices r an exception though.. 
 
CONS: 
1)	SCREEN SIZE: If big screen size is ur cup of tea den u will hv to look at other platforms viz Andriod, Microsoft ..For me its da adequate size dat can be operated wid single hand.. 
2)	CUSTOMIZATION: If u want to customize ur phone n give it a new look everyday den android would serve ur purpose better&hellip;.apple has everything basic..u can jailbreak though but den also da customization wont be of da same degree as android would provide u&hellip;. 
 
APPLE vs ANDRIOD fight: Apple&rsquo;s software and hardware are made for each other(i.e their software IOS and hardware viz A4/A5/A6 processors is made in house 
) which makes them perform better dan da android counterparts&hellip;android has quad/octa cores but 99% of apps don&rsquo;t require dat kind of processing power&hellip;iphone 3GS has 256 mb of RAM and 600 Mhz single core processor&hellip;but den also it is able to play games such as NFS hot pursuit dat even a 1 Ghz android phone would hv problem playing it&hellip;.so apple must never be compared on pure specs because its an optimized device unlike any android device(except nexus devices)&hellip;&hellip;. 
 
I am not an iphone fanboy but ya I do prefer quality over quantity..I have used nokia lumia 800, iphone 4 and Google nexus S smartphones before...Excellent Phone !!!.Excellent product from Apple.This is the one of the most beautiful and Smart phone on the planet right now. This phone is way better than android.Features are less than android but way better in operating and stability.go for iPhone..An awesome machine!.This is the best phone I've ever used! I grew up with Nokia, then moved to the Galaxy bandwagon before finally taking the plunge and bought iPhone 5. It takes a little while to get used to, if you are used to some other platform. There are some common features that are missing, but then its merits overshadow whatever failings that it may have. 
 
The best thing about it is its touch. Its literally featherlike! Rest of the touchphones actually feel like tap devices after you've used this sleek-n-sexy phone! Then its speed! I have been using it for the last 6 months, and I have not noticed anything slowing down despite the numerous apps that I have installed on it. That brings me to its next good thing - Apps! The same apps are indeed much better on iPhone (barring Whatsapp, which is paid too :/) 
I need not say anything about the camera/picture and sound quality of Apple - its been talked about worldover! :-) 
Solid build, feel nice in the hand, it is one phone I don't regret buying at all! 
 
Negatives - 
iOS isn't the most flexible OS :) 
Of late the phone has started to throw up white dots on its body, very few but yeah. 
It could have been a little cheaper. 
The accessories cost a bomb :(Its a real beast, but also sucks your wallet.I have seen many people giving 5 star, I do not think they know anything about what technology is all about, and what are called as features. Some have also stared it at 1 Star, I feel they are just arrogant apple haters and nothing More. This is the best phone Apple has created. 
 
The Design: 
 
The engineers at apple have jolted down the design form more than 6 months to have things fitted to such a slim bezel . 
 
The processor: 
 
Samsung has put the best of their engineers to manufacture the A6 processor which is probably the last they have done for apple. And the designers at apple had come up with the best possible dual core beast for the iOS possible. Yes it is not standing with S4 or One in processor. But all should also see that it was launched earlier to these phones and with time technology fades and we should give the benefit of doubt. 
 
Battery: 
 
It is not as good as comparable products with 1440 Mah power, but its just fine and takes you to a days work. Worst thing is that it has different charger and one needs to carry its charger every time as you wont find the lightening connector everywhere. 
 
Screen: 
 
Screen is miniature. The resolution is just fine. The retina eye screen is more natural though. 
 
Music: 
 
Music is not too crisp as Sony or HTC. It has more treble than the natural production of the music. Also Samsung S4 and S3 seemed better in this department too. To be frank I feel Apple is a bit adamant on changeable things. 
 
Technology: 
 
It suffers from an adamant behavior by apple not to have nfc, file transfer via Bluetooth, No infra red, no support to many HD video format due to iTunes dependency. For simple things too one is too dependent on iTunes and you need to use a system for it. The applications are costly and you need to have a heavy wallet. The camera lags a lot of features that the other products have with less amount. However low light visibility is a bit better. 
 
But yes it still is the 1st preference for many developers. Though things are changing thanks to Samsung and HTC. 
 
The price is a bit too much, but it is expected from Apple.They do not make it here and suffer from the tax law too. However they still consider USA is the market they need to target. The Map is the example.Best phone i have ever used.Well this is the best phone in the market right now.A lot of people compare S4 or HTC one with this one. 
First of all they are not smart phones, they are smart devices and Iphone 5 is the actual &quot;smart phone&quot;.Holding a 5&quot; phone in your hand doesn't make any sense and doesn't look good in the pocket also. That is what the Android phones are right now. 
First there is no problem of Viruses in a iOS platform (same like linux operating systems) - This is also due to the fact that the iOS is not free and the softwares are firstly approved by Apple and then uploaded unlike Android which just keep on uploading useless softwares with millions of those advertisements popping up all the time 
Secondly, there is no doubt that it has the most buttery touch. Can't compare with any other device 
Thirdly it doesn't have those useless pre-installed softwares which other Android Phones have which are of no use.It has only 2-3 useful softwares, so no gimmicks and save that space. 
Fourth if we buy iPhone 16 gb, then 14 gb is almost free, compare that with 16gb s4 only 8gb is free, so that is again a loss. 
Fifth the camera is awsome, better than the rivals 
Sixth, it has the best body and the looks, unlike the plastic body of s4 and huge phone which after a week starts looking ugly 
 
Guys, I recommend this phone to all if price is not an issue as i just replaced my s4 with this one.I even have HTC one (which i think is the closest rival to iphone 5 right now), but because of its huge screen and phablet look, i like iphone more. 
Dont worry about the maps, Google maps is available on Apple store and believe me the google apps like gmail, google+, youtube and maps works even better in iphone than in any AndroidIphone 5 my experience.I usually change my phone every year, so have used Android, Blackberry, Nokia Lumia 800 and also a phone running Bada. I just bought an Iphone5 a few days back, and all I can say is that I am blown away. 
Typing: I challenge, any phone to type and auto correct as accurately as Iphone, I type a lot, usually write my daily diary notes and reminder. No other phone including the bloatware called Samsung G-4 can match it. 
Right size: Phone is small enough to fit into your pocket and convenient enough to type with 1 hand. 
Very fast: Applications launch much faster and there is absolutely no lag. Most people still don't get the spec. it's like this, the OS is written is objective-c and the memory management is excellent. The general software architecture is superior to android. comparing Android to Iphone is like comparing Formula 1 car to a truck. Agreed the truck has a more powerful engine etc. but when it comes to speed and sheer thrill Iphone beats android. 
Build quality: if you can differentiate between interiors of Tata car and a Skoda, you will know what I am taking about. The build quality of Iphone can't even be compared to top end Android phone. They charge 40,000 for the plastic heaven called G-4. 
 
Over all I would say go for it. Comparing Android specs to Iphone is like comparing Hyundai Sonata to Audi A3, spec alone don't tell you the whole story....Your girlfriend would be jealous !.Bought this last month.White.The phone truly is amazing.The weight and feel is just outstanding. The touch and display has no comparison to any other smartphone. 
Pros: 
1. Apple iPhone :) 
2. Camera 8mp too good compared to other 8mp cameras 
3. A6 chip is fast and games like Real Racing 3 and NFS gives u a feel of ps3 graphics. 
4. multitasking is smooth and no lags. 
5. Speaker and head phones are state of the art. 
6. The new ultra lightening charger actually charges the iPhone very fast compared to other phones. #brilliant 
7. Apple iPhone ( makes your mark in your friend circle Richy-rich :P ) 
 
Cons: 
1. Apple should have increased the battery.Although they do promise to increase 
the performance with iOS 7 coming in months ahead. 
2. Pricy. As its not manufactured or assembled anywhere in India the cost though increases. 
3. Nano Sim slot. Some might find it tricky and scary as u need to cut the sim card carefully. #needlessNot to be judged by the specifications!.Apple is known for making high-quality and premium products, that you actually enjoy using. When the first iPhone came out in 2007, it started off a legacy. Even if you tell someone that you have the latest and greatest Galaxy S4, they aren't going to be so surprised. Show them your iPhone, you get that status of being super-cool. And it's not just that, the iPhone has come a long way from being just a smartphone. it's now an essential part of people's lives. 
 
As far as specifications are concerned, the iPhone packs in a Apple A6 chip ( dual core ) at ~1.3 Ghz and 1GB of RAM. It may not sound like much, but iOS is so advanced that you never notice any lag whatsoever, unlike the Android phones. 
 
The USP of this product is the apps available. Apple has done a great job with the apps. 
 
The price may be a bit steep, but I feel that it is definitely worth it. 
 
You've got to experience it to believe it!What makes the iPhone 5 one of the best Smartphones...Processor : Though the A6 is a dual-core processor, its architecture is designed in such a way that the 1.3 GHz processor is actually faster than Samsung Galaxy S3's Quad Core 1.4GHz processor. In fact the A6 is one of the fastest processors on the planet. Head over to www.anandtech.com for more information on this. 
 
Camera : Yes..it is an 8MP camera. But this camera beats many other 13MP smartphone cameras. The reason being the quality of optics used and the quality of the sensor is much more superior than the other smartphones. Besides, the software reduces the noise in the image and so on... 
 
Security : Unlike Android, iOS devices do not get infected by malwares/viruses because every app which is submitted on the App Store is first inspected by Apple. 
 
Apps : The App Store has more than 750,000 quality apps, where the developers have to pay 99$/Year to submit apps to the App Store. This ensures,to a great extent, that the developers make quality apps which do not get rejected on the App Store, instead of making crappy apps which have a high probability of getting rejected. 
 
Hardware/Materials/Design : The lens cover of the iPhone is made by Sapphire Crystal (second-hardest trasparent substance on the planet). The edges have been cut by Diamonds. Do I need to say anything further ?! 
 
iOS : No viruses. No malwares. Regular Yearly updates. Smooth UI. Great new features in the new iOS 7. iTunes. App Store. Great animations for UI Transitions. 
 
One More Thing... 
This product has been made by Apple. They do not focus on the market share. They just want to deliver great products to d people.Super fast delivery. Amazing!!!.First of all, flipkart services are unbelievably fast. I booked this product yesterday (30th Sep) afternoon, and imagine I got it today (1st Oct) morning itself. How can anyone beat that? The product came in a very neat tamperproof packing. Flipkart could have laxed on this since the product was shipped from a nearby place ... but no, the packing was impeccable. 
 
Secondly, Flipkart is offering this product at a low rate that even the local mobile wallahs are not offering. I enquired prices at Maple, Croma, Next, Rel Digital and many other stores but they all are qouting above Rs. 44000/- 
 
Thank you flipkart for the super fast delivery in a very neat packaging and at a lower cost. 
 
Secondly, why I chose iPhone. Well, I was looking for a high end phone for quite sometime now. After looking at online reviews, I zeroed in on four phones ... namely, Samsung S 4, HTC One, LG Optimus G Pro and Google/LG Nexus. 
 
Now, I wanted a phone which I can comfortably place in my shirt as well as trouser pocket. I am not a person to hook up my phone on my belt or carry around in my hand. All the above phones did not satisfy that basic requirement straight away. All of them are either too big or too heavy. 
I am not a big fan of Samsung ... I bought couple of TV from them and exactly after the warranty was over, their LCD panel conked off. Their service center refused to replace the panel ... also the cost of LCD was equivalent to the cost of TV. Well, that apart, S4 is a bit long and was jutting out of pockets. It was light though and felt nice in hand. But, I didn't like the screen and the icons in the screen. I am sure we can customize it, but I don;t want to spend too much time customizing stuff. 
HTC One comes close to iPhone in terms of build and quality. But, when I looked at the demo phone at Croma, its on/off button and its volume button were loose. The salesman said that it happens as many people have checked it. Now, a quality phone should not have such a problem. 
LG Pro ... the demo piece was not available in many stores. It is larger in size too but from online reviews, it does seem to have really good features. Look at the nerve of these stores, they were simply saying that this is one phone you can buy without looking. 
Google Nexus ... this was bulky too but it did have some good features ... the new Nexus is going to arrive sometime next month. So, didn't want to put my head onto a older version. 
 
So, iPhone is smaller,comfortable in hand, has lot of features, has lot of apps with which you can enable many features, very simple to navigate, looks and feels good, quality product and best in market. I am not worried about the new iPhone 5S to hit markets either as lookwise, they are not different and the new features is not of use to me. 
 
You need to pay higher for a quality item. But, in the end you will be one satisfied customer. Those who feel this product is expensive is like comparing Mercedes with Maruti.Apple iPhone 5- Best Gadget A Man Can Get!.I'm reviewing this coz people need education about the iOS &amp; other specs. 
Other people (Windows &amp; Android user esp.) keeps bragging about iPhone being a costly phone as compared to others brands. 
I myself am a gadget freak &amp; I've used almost every other Smart phone available in the subcontinent &amp; the US. But I gotta tell you, if I've a Weighing-scale, I would keep all the other smart phones on one side and Apple iPhone 5 on the other. 
Yes I'm dead serious! This phone is the most amazing creation of Human since the inception of the gadgetry world. Be it the strong sturdy body, the Aluminum mirror finish or the display screen, it pounds my heart every time I see it! 
 
This isn't all, like the Substance Hardware, it has the Awesome Software i.e. iOS 7. Which according to me, is the most secured OS in the smart phone OS category, also a 'smack on the face' for those who keep whining about iOS being less-featured. 
 
This is the reason, I never recommend it to the common people. This is the Premium Handset &amp; it should remain in the hands who actually appreciates the Beauty. 
 
Ther's a lot to talk abt this amazing Phone, I have done a lotta debates over the Android &amp; iOS wars on Fb or twitter, it'll give me immense pleasure to clarify doubts regarding the misconception people have over the iOS &amp; the iPhones particularly. 
 
Apart from that Flipkart's Excellent service has helped it to get delivered the product almost 2 days before the actual delivery date. 
Very Happy to order it from Flipkart (as I've received the promised 10% cash-back too) :)Wake up Indians there is loot going on!!!!.First of all this phone is best in terms of OS, in-built quality, excellent design everything is best in the phone. 
 
But my main concern is Pricing.. 
 
I don't understand why such big foreign phone company like this one trying to loot Indian Customers. 
 
The iphone price in USA is approx. 30K--32K around $510-$530 (this is a price when USD= Rs 60.) 
And while coming till india its price goes to 46k how this happens i dont understand why this hike in indian markets only. 
 
I know its a good product but i think iphone won't be able to compete with this pricing tag on their smart phones. 
 
Truely iphone sudhar jao pricing k mamale mai. Otherwise it a good product.Simplicity at its Best.You know, many people say Apple iPhone doesn't have many features which other Android features have. It is very simple. Apple doesn't give many features, but the limited features which it gives is excellent. The phone, software, user interface, hardware is just amazing. Please do understand that whatever Apple does there is a strong reason behind it. There is a reason why the iPhone is sealed with respect to changing of battery or memory card is concerned. They feel it is not the job of the user to see or check or change the battery or memory card. Yes it is expensive, but what you get is an amazing piece of engineering and art combined together. The quality of Apps is really very good. Every single App before being approved will be tested by Apple strictly as per Apple standards. After that only they will be approved. Right now, there are more than 9 lac Apps are there on App Store, but they have rejected 4 times of that. This is not the case with Android. Apple is brutal with quality. They never compromise on quality, never. I have used iPod touch, Mac Book pro and currently iPhone 5, trust me it's great..:)Apple. the masterpiece engineering.Apple.. 
Its not about gigantic processors and all. 
its about how you design something to perform and being loved. 
Iphone 5 has a a6 chipsset. 
A6 chipset means processor + gfx processor all are put together in a single chip. 
processor is dual core. but people try to compare it with quad core of androids. 
 
listen guys, its not about cores. but how an operating system uses cores to work efficiently by producing lesser heat and using less power. A6 is designed in such a way that, apple's IOS uses it upto its potential,still producing no heat and providing an awesome battery life. remember, you could design a program with 1000 lines and same program with 50 lines. the program with 50 instructions will run better by consuming lesser resources. thats what IOS is all about. 
it is a closed system. viruses will never infect iphone, reason people trust it more than any other os in market. 
 
camera. 
Iphones 8 MP isight camera still beats any other 13 MP cameras. 
Same reason again, its not about MP's and HD's 
whats the use of a high resolution photo if there is blurr, or colour contrast is low. dont believe me? try usin a DSLR 8mp, and a simple 8 mp camera, you'll know the difference. 
8 MP designed at its best, using almost negligible battery its provides awesome pictures with stable video recording, pictures are taken as soon as u press shutter switch, no lag, nothing. just awesome crispy photos. 
 
screen. 
4 inch retina display, the sharpest display in market. apple uses its own lcd technology. reason being its best display in market is features like sunlight readability oleophobic coating and out glass is made from material used in helicopter windshields,tuff as iron. 
 
and remember, every piece of equipment is designed by considering the power it consumes. so best battery life. 
 
APPs. awesomeness, 
A gamer? Iphones is tweaked to response without any delay. use androids, you will notice delay but not on iphone. 
developers develop games on IOS reason being there is no piracy on iphone.you have to buy it inorder to play it. and i think a gamer could spend a dollar or 2 to have best experience. temple run still runs lag free on iphone 3gs(launched in 2009), use any latest android in range of 12k-20k. you will get to know what lag and delay is. no fun of gaming on other platforms. 
businessman? 
apple has its own business special apps. designed by experts. 
simple and yet powerful 
 
IOS is best operating system out there, it just knows what a user wants and will need. 
and IOS 7 is coming this fall, which is going to be revolutionary. 
Guys even google admits google maps run better on IOS than on android. 
 
same reason, engineering at its best. top developers put there efforts all year in order to design one software for one device. that is apple. 
androids are being used on thousand types of phones so they are designed in such a way that they work average on everyphone, but thats not the case for iphone. 
IOS is only for iphone. 
the best lag free experience you will ever have. I am bound to iphone. 
 
and apple iphone 5 is coolest design out in market, not too large, not to small 
perfect mobile device you could carry around and trust me, it wont look pathetic when u hold it against your ear ;) 
 
apple users never regret. 
and dont think i am an apple fanboy, i used Iphone 4s for the 1st time in 2012, then i went for galaxy note 2 (best android of last year in market). couldn't handle it for more than a week, shifted back to iphone 5. androids doesnt feel the way apple did.A Very Elegant Mobile.hi guys, 
this is a wonderful mobile though it was launched almost a year back.Am owning a galaxy note 2 which was purchased during last November. I still Love my note 2 a lot. a year back i was hating apple products. i really don't know why,but i hated it . but my ideas changed once my colleague shown me an iPhone 5. He told me to take a look at it. believe me, till that day i din even touch an iPhone. once i got in my hand,i started to get an the luxurious and premium feel in my hands. the screen may be small, but its elegance is unmatched to any other mobile till date. since that day i was passionate to get an iPhone ,but my colleague had told to wait for a couple of months as iPhone 5S is going to be released during the 4th Quarter this Year. i don't want to dispose or sell my Note 2 as even this is a wonderful mobile. am Eagerly waiting for the iPhone 5S. 
 
This is for the Flip-Kart::::---- 
I want flip-kart to release it ASAP as many other online sites are already portraying the 5S, i trust flip-Kart a lot. i got a laptop and 3 different mobiles from you. so i want to get an iPhone 5S from you people. make this product available with you ASAP... 
 
Thank You:-)Brilliant peace of shit!!!.There's a very simple way to describe the Apple iPhone 5: thinner, lighter and a bit taller than the iPhone 4S. While that gets across the general look of the phone, it rather underestimates what's gone into the design to achieve this. 
First impression was &quot;Nice!&quot;. The black looked good. 
The I picked it up and went &quot;Huh?&quot;. Note I use a Galaxy Nexus as my main device. The i5 reminded me of the old fashioned cabdy bar phones - like the Moto KRZR and other. It was nice but felt scrawny. Compared to my legacy i4, it was a good update in looks, compared to a Nexus..... let's see. 
 
Next was the display. It was taller. Taller. Other than that not much else was a change. about a third of an ich taller than my i4. Side by side to the Nexus, is was ...... small. 
 
Now for the real stuff; how well would this work and what was new. 
Setup went well. Activated the phone and set it up as a copy of my i4 via iTunes. Only real issue was it exploded all my folders so I had to spend a few recreating on the i5.ComeOn ! Guyz You Are Buying An Iphone ( If You Dont Have An Iphone,You Dont Have An Iphone).Guy First Of All You Cant Compare An Iphone with Another Phone Specially ANDROID 
Every One Here Only Concentrate On The Specs But Doesn't Bother About The Brand Value 
 
Now The Point Is That An Iphones Statement Remains For A Very Long Duration Than Any Other Companys Phone (Approx In 1 Month ) The Phones Become Outdated Coz Therez A New Machine In The Market 
 
Resulting The User Feels Humiliated 
 
Now Just Think Once 80% People Notices An Iphone In Hands Even A 3gs 
 
And This Is The Main Reason Why An Iphones Worth It 
 
Secondly 
 
Think That Weather Any Of The Iphone Hangs Or Lags During Performance Like 
Android Phones Does. No Problems Of Overheating, Hanging, Slowing Down,etc 
 
Thirdly 
 
The After Sales Service Man You Get Amazed To See That They Replace The Phone Instantly 
Without Any Headache Now Thats called An After Sales 
 
Conclusion - Massive Specs Of Other Devices Only Seems Good On Screen But Hardly  Matters After Buying Them.Okay its an iPhone.Every one knows the specifications and capabilities of an iPhone. But let me share some the hard facts about iPhone and Apple that I experienced. This is my 3rd iPhone and I have it all. 
 
1. THIS IS NOT A GORILLA GLASS. 
For a long time, I used to believe that Apple started the use of Gorilla glass until I broke my Black iPhone 5's front glass from a height of 2 feet. In fact, Apple hasn't introduced gorilla glass to iPhone yet. 
 
2. SCREEN REPLACEMENT IS NOT EASY 
After breaking just the top glass with the touch and actual display working absolutely fine, when you think to replace the top glass as in iPhone 4's, you get to know that the 3 elements: Glass, Touch and Display are glued together, and if any 1 dies, you need to replace the 1 single expensive thing which Apple don't manufacture. You need to find China made replacements which lacks quality. And if display is not original, then its not an iPhone. 
 
3. REPLACEMENT POLICY 
If you are lucky enough that this thing happens in the warrantee period, then Apple replaces with iPhone with a new one BUT, Apple charges around 19000 to give you a 'new' iPhone. And the 'new' iPhone is not 'new'. Its a refurbished replacement. This was the heart breaker. 
 
4. THE DISPLAY TINT TERROR 
If you think that you can get away with the damaged one and get a new iPhone so that you get a genuine Apple product, your date of purchase is very crucial. Apple manufactures their iPhones with 2 or 3 different manufacturers. Samsung, LG and maybe one more, and these companies have their own Quality Check and not Apple's singular QC. If you purchase an early iPhone than a late one, you can easily differentiate the quality of display in terms of color reproduction. The early displays are perfectly saturated with a natural white tint/tinge. The late lots are more towards yellow tint and the saturation is also low compared to the early one. You have to be born with great luck to get the iPhone of the quality that Apple presents to their conference or the very first shipment. And the worst of all, Apple has no setting to change the tint where there are apps for jailbroken platform. So there is no problem in display, you just can't calibrate. 
 
I really think iPhone is absolutely not a value for money product due to Apple's policy.Its not about the specs..First of all would like to declare i am not a fanboy. 
Now on to the review. 
CPU and RAM : 
I hear people saying iphone has a dual core processor, less ram and other things. Clearly these people have never used an apple product or cant afford to. Any apple product be it the ipad,iphone or the mac,you dont buy it for their hardware, its for the overall experience. They design their phones and other stuff around their software. iPhone 5 uses a custom architecture armv7 cpu which using a dual core gives performance more or less equal to the galaxy s3 however uses less battery and translates into better battery life. RAM : 1gb .Again the same thing applies. iOS is highly optimised and 1gb is more then enough for the daily tasks and even high end gaming. 
 
Display : 326 ppi 4inch display. I think the size of display is a personal preferance. I prefer smaller phones and even though i find the iPhone 5 little longer ( yes longer ) i think 4 inch is fine for me and yeah the color reproduction on lcd according to me is better then amoleds ( i dont like oversaturated displays ala samsung) 
 
OS : This is the major major reason to buy iphone. Its the reason why i use the iphone. I have used android and windows phone 7.5 &amp; 8. For some reason i never liked android. Yes its customisable and many other things but the quality of apps just dont cut it for me.I came close to ditching the iOS for WP8 however lack of apps and few other things as well as the upcoming iOS 7 has made me wait. 
 
Battery life is good enough for me to last one day. 
 
There are few drawbacks. Yes the os feels stale but the quality of apps and few other things makes u want to use ios. Jailbreak it ( Yes its legal and makes your iOS device better ) and you will have the best mobile OS. The apple service is another plus point. 
The HTC ONE is the only phone that i would even consider if i had to buy any other phone. I dont like android but the HTC ONE has the build quality almost as good as the iphone if not better ( my mum uses it ). 
 
I also hear people whining about lack of NFC and other things. For them : Apple doesnt put features in a phone just coz they have to. They will wait till they master that particular feature and then put it in the phone. They are not samsung. 
 
To sum it up : Its not perfect. But its one of the best phones money can buy (s4 doesnt count) Also for people thinking of buying the iphone 5 . I have an advice : Buy the nexus 4 at 25k and the ipad mini at 20k. You will get best of both iOS and Android at the cost of one phone.Engineering at its best.Apple has revoluziontied the smart phone market. While other products are trying to catch up with apple, they have clearly stood out in delivering the finest product. 
 
iPhone 5 is one such example. The elegance of touch it offers with the good old iOS is uncomparable to many Android devices. 
 
Pros 
1) Elegant design 
2) Lightweight 
3) Powerful processor 
4) iOS developed fully in C language which means highly memory efficient when compared to Droid's java. This is the very reason iPhone performs faster than Droid devices with only 1/4th the hardware. 
 
Cons 
1) Apple's torturous and painful iTunes makes it really hard to add music 
2) No extra memory extension 
3) OS Getting older by the day, apple needs to something bad here. 
 
However, with the sheer quality this phone is still the No.1 in the Smartphone market. 
 
As usual, flipkart delivery satisfaction is unparalleled in India.If you have a good budget and a taste for good quality, iPhone is the way!!.NOTE:If you are a teenage girl who's motive for a smartphone is only to share music via bluetooth, or someone who prefers a TV instead of a phone, iPhone is not for you go back try some android phone. 
 
But if you expect a phone to be user friendly,smart,fast,great look,great feel and a list of apps which are designed specifically for a particular phone, well iPhone 5 is the answer the only answer. 
 
I have been using it since Feb and so far there is nothing which might make me not suggest this to my closed ones. iPhones have a huge fan-base for a reason actually many reasons. It is a fine piece of gadget, i agree it has limited features as compared to other android phones in market but whatever iPhone does, it does the best and the things it doesn't do are not really something you'd miss once you use an iPhone. 
 
PS: Oh and my review is genuine and i would request you not to relate it with my user name.GO FOR SONY!!!!!!!!!!.Firstly,I am not a sony fanboy but their latest creations are really making me stunned.Also if can buy xperia z(Rs38,000),then why can't i can buy iphone 5 by adding just Rs7000.Xperia z is far better than iphone5.Its full HD display with bravia engine 2 makes colours more natural and vivid and makes me happy everytime i see it.Believe me, iphone's screen can't compete with a fullHD display.Also,in looks it also beats iphone with its beautiful glass back .Well, sony never compromises in looks.Also, 13MP of xperia z is far better than 8MP of iphone5,also sony has got exmor lens.I have seen people saying ios better than android.Well there is no point that ios is just for iphone,so its better.In android,one has no problems in connectivity,you can easily share music,connect your device with any laptop.Also,there are more customizations options in android as compared to ios and there are many ways of doing same things which makes it using never boring.,believe me xperia z is the only android device which feels fabulous in your hands.You just want to keep it in your hands because of its awesome looks. 
The feel is really amazing.i have seen many people saying xperia z becoms heated after playing hd games but it is the only device which you can cool by dipping it in cold water.Ofcourse,it is waterproof.Now, in speed ,1.5GHZ snapdragon quad core processor is far better than dual core.Xperiaz is the second fastest device in the world after s4.Iphone5 is not even in top3 list .Go,check videos on ytube,apps open much faster in xperia as compared to iphone5.Its just apple logo at the back that makes people go for it You also have big circular hole in Iphone's cover just for the apple logoThe King Of Smartphone! Hands-down!.Hello, 
 
Am a multi platform application developer for handheld devices. 
 
I have a blackberry z10, a samsung galaxy s4, a nokia lumia 925 and an iPhone 5. 
 
Blackberry Z10: 3/10 Overall. 
Galaxy S4: 6/10 Overall. 
iPhone 5: 10/10 
 
Baap of all cellphones. 
 
I use it as my default device. Hasn't disappointed me even once. 
Awesome phone features, decent gameplay and mind-boggling collection of apps app store. 
 
The only app store in the whole smartphone market to have no-nonsense apps. 
The integration of apps, the great battery life, the build quality, the signal quality, the touch, the multitasking(except youtube). 
 
The only flaw in iPhone is the crappy maps app. :P 
 
This is precisely a great phone. The iOS is the most advanced mobile OS out there. No bugs, no tunnelling, no lurking and absolutely no leaking of data to third party vendors as does the android. 
 
Those who are criticising this device have probably never used it or are paid by xxxxxxx to do that. 
Its a no nonsense phone. 
 
Lastly for all the Android LoverBoys: All that Glitters is not Gold, not even close if its an android! :D 
 
iPhone 5 &gt; Lumia 925 &gt; Galaxy S4 &gt; Blackberry Z10Review of Iphone 5.I have purchased Iphone 5 16GB and using it for the past 4 months. It is one of cutest mobile phone one can imagine. Just 10mm thick and the four corners curved with Aluminium ring. Very smooth in operation and the quality of video/photo is so good. Issue is in setting up of your own. You need to create Apple ID (can be your existing email ID too) and any application needs the iTune as the medium for interface between a Laptop &amp; iPhone to install/delete these applications. 
 
I have installed googlemaps, voice recorder, digital clock, analog clock, unit converter, barcode scanner - which is not available in the phone, have to install from outside. 
 
Another disadvantage is battery drain - if you keep the wifi on - it drians off in single day. Switch off cellular data - then it lasts for 3 days. 
 
But, it is a class apart from other phone... posses it to enjoy the beauty of iPhoneTHE BEST!!!.I have used a Samsung galaxy S2, HTC Incredible S and finally i picked up an IPHONE 5 from the US. Everyone keeps asking me why should one pay so much for a phone. You seriously have to use it to experience it. 
 
Customization is Top CLASS!!!(Right from selecting to a vibration pattern to zooming in and out for applying wallpapers, one need not download an APP) 
Syncing data is unbelievably fast. 
Perfectly fits into ones palm. 
Graphics for games is out of the world. 
Charges super fast compared to other phones. 
 
Verdict: SUPER PHONE: Please use the phone completely before criticizing it. 
 
S4 might be better than this.Not sure. But ya this phone was released long back when u compare to an S4After getting this phone I Can Say that Apple is Apple.Samsung S4 Octa-Core and Htc One metalic Body is nothing in front of Super Handling body and dual core i5. 
 
I personally used octa-core S4 but i already said that apple is apple. 
Even the dual core i5 is much and much better than octa-core S4. 
What a display like a real colours in the eyes when watching vedios on i5 
Whats a shape of a phone and smoothness in i5 is not comparable. 
Very Glossy look and weight is like a 10 pages book in my hand....very light weight 
and as you all know that this phones is the thinnest phone in the world......just 7.6....OMG...its very handy......pure value for moneybest phone i ever used.A number of phones are available in market like S4, S3, One 
but believe me if u use iphone 5 u forgot all the aboves. 
user interface is butter smooth. 
camera is far batter than S4 (not check HTC one pure view camera) 
iOS 7 is about to come and it have a lot of features like airdrop, notification direct sharing of pics and a lot more. 
one most imp thing it is future proof phone because apple gives updates to its phone to at least 3 years. but in android phones it is not necessay. 
 
finally it is superb, and when it is in hand u feel proud. 
i have purchased it from apple retail showroom.Its nt a smartphone, it's an I-PHONE.The best phone ever.... Gone are the days when people used to think i-Phone is just a showoff stuff... Use it to know it. The features, usage and the flexibility of the phone beats everyone in this segment. with the addition of iOS7 to it is like a cherry on the cake. With loads of app and an increased display screen and a fast processor, I5 promises to be on the must buy list for real mobile lovers. 
 
Overall its the best buy of all. 
 
Only demerit is the battery back up is not that good as compared to I-Phone 4.Contradictory to all the haters.In didn't got it online (for security issues) but if would have the e it would have been from Filpkart . 
 
Now about the phone. I believe that although its a year old now but it is still the best smartphone out there in the market. 
 
Doesn't matter what the haters say about it. It is: 
1- smooth 
2- powerfull 
3- fast 
4- intillegent (Siri) 
5- looks like a mobile not a tablet 
 
Some would prefer bigger screen sizes but I believe that a phone should look like a phone not a tablet. If you want bigger screen go buy iPad or something. 
 
And being a year d it ties with the Samsung gs4. 
But for me security is the main concern and apple did quite well in that segment. 
 
So in the end - I ain't got no worries.BEST SMARTPHONE I HAVE EVER USED.I have been using Android from last 2 years but from the day I have started using this phone, I feel this is something different. You will enjoy using it because it doesn't hang, works so smooth, nice GUI as compared to android phone, simple and stylish and looks beautiful in your hand. 
 
I would say currently there are two types of phones available in market i.e Iphone 5 and rest others. :) 
 
Regards, 
Dalbir SinghBrilliant.iPhone 5 is simply brilliant, outstanding touch and very light weight as compared to previous iPhone versions. I bought it after the launch of iPhone 5S, but I feel iPhone 5 at flipkarts price is still a better deal as 5S has very few additional features and the price for that is pretty high 
If you are looking for a classy phone this is it! 
 
Hats off to Flipkart delivery, delivered within time and to my surprise it was delivered on a Sunday!A revolutionary product by Apple!!.An amazing product which I've been using for months.If budget allows,one must definately go for this instead of some Samsung bullshit!And apple's after sale service is too good,if somehow (although it will not) there is some flaw in the phone's working even after 6 months of using,apple will replace your phone.(NO REPARING!!)plus ios 7 is like an icing on cake! 
I strongly recommend this product;) or if u can wait go for iphone 5s!IF U GOT STYLE....THAN MUST HAVE IPHONE 5!!!! SIMPLY AMAZING.well.this is my frst iphone ever in my lyfe ..n m enjoyin every bit of it..i am using this iphone 5 from last one week...n itsss g8tttttttt. 
NOW about the phone...i0s 7 looks refreshing ....camera quality is jus outstanding ...audio..well its apple...no words...playing games is really awesum...nice g8tttt appps on istore...all in all g8tttttt looking fone.....well...&quot; IF U GOT ATTITUDE N STYLE ...GO BUY IPHONE 5&quot; ...SATISFIED &curren;&curren;.Feels like phone. This phone is having 1.2 ghz but can very easily performs all your tasks. 
Never leave u dissatisfied. If you are holding it, you feels great. Because it shines different . Everyone is having Samsung jerks that's very common. Iphone5 defines your status and personality. Use it anyway with any gadgets, do all the jugaads you want to do. It will always be there to help you. You can attach it with anything. It understands what you think what you want. It serves you well. I am using Iphones from 3 years. After iphone 4s I switched to galaxy s3 and just after few days switched to iphone5. I will never use android phone ever in my life. I had an very bad experience with Android. Nothing best than simplicity.superb.i am reviewing this product and seller after a few months delay . the product quality is upto the mark and its original piece of work. 
i must thank the seller WS Retail for shipping it to me before time and thats the reason i placed another order from this retailler only. 
thanks filpkart for your efforts and good deals. 
will always be your customer and will recommend others too .Best Phone your Money can Buy!.Simply one word for it, AWESOME! 
With the beautiful engineering, the care of Apple.. What else you want your money to buy? 
now with iOS 7, the interface is more good ergonomically! 
The feel of the aluminium back is simply lovable.. You may probably get more good phones than this in the market, but the feel, you won't get anywhere else! 
If you have budget of 40k, GO FOR IT!Fantastic phone.Absolutely fantastic phone. I have the S4, and I must say, this phone even without the better hardware beats it. It is a very intuitive experience, everything just works, and gives yoiu the least of troubles.Iphone 5 good but not user friendly.Iphone when I purchased with IOS6.0.4 was not as versatile as android. But after upgrading to IOS7.0 phone is good. But transferring files is restricted to itunes which is very restricting. 
Regarding shopping with FLIPKART I am delighted and at ease. The delivery is perfect. I am a loyal customer to Flipkart. 
Keep it up flipkart!!Worth every penny!!.I'm using this phone for the past 8 months and it's worth every penny! It's the best phone I ever had. If anyone is looking to buy this phone, I would strongly recommend you to stick with your choice. It's the best you can ever get. The camera is simply awesome and the User Interface is so cool that you would fall in love with the phone from the moment you start using it.it's iPhone !.I have iPhone5 from last 6 months, it is an excellent phone. The sensitivity to the touch in excellent. Quality of the screen display, sound is no match. Moreover, iPhone is a style statement. What I like most is the widest range of apps which makes this phone almost a computer on the go. Strongly recommended.BEST!.best smartphone ever never hangs no problem i just love it,,after using this phone i dont like any other phone they all look soo slow and old xD,must buy this phone,,you cannot compare this mobile phone with any other phone this phone is what we call a SMARTphone :)buy it,if you can afford it..Apple makes some the best phones,they are very pricey but if you can afford it,just go for it.I will not disappoint you.The phone is of very premium quality and the specs are very good too.... 
#Please don't Judge the phone with the ratings here,it deserves much better ..enjoying it .............after using iPhone 3 for 5 yrs .... i felt enough is enough and bought this nice machine with aluminum body like sports cars ....... i bought this as I knew that iPhone 5c (plastic body with same specification) will replace iPhone 5 in the apple league ...... I like it.ITS BEST! ITS AN iPHONE..5!!.i've used it.... And using it.... Nothing can be better than this.... and androiders... How can you compare your cheap android os.. Which can be seen anywhere.. Even at hands of an riksaw puller... Just think again about.. You.. And your cheap android devices... I've never seen any apple service centers.. So.. You.. Can understand what a great machine.. Apple is providing us....Ease of use.Product is extremely easy to use. My son who is young and not able to read operate with ease. Apple programmers are wonderful. 
The existing ID is used and all purchased items and programmes automatically loaded to the phone which is still existing in IPad too.Its an iphone!!!.Iphone is an iphone.It does not give lags.Plays game very smooth.I have played heavy games like infinity blade 3 and gta san andreas.The ui of iphone is just awesome ios7(y). 
You cant compare an andro phone wid iphone.It feels premium.Superb phone!!!.This is one of the most stylish and sexiest phone in the world!!! Excellent look and features and my suggestion is go for iphone!!!!....... @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@Beast.Got the IPhone5 which was my Dream through FlipKart at a fantasic price &amp; lightning Delivery,Loved the Product &amp; using it to the Maximum &amp; If I decide to upgrade the Product it will be again through Flipkart onlyAwesome !!!!!.Awesome, I've used Android and Windows fones before but an iPhone is any day much better than the rest. I'm jus loving the iOS experience. Superb graphics, amazingly stable OS, head ache free user experience.Good phone and nothing to talk much about as it is Apple..Nice phone. Good battery backup but still Apple have to come up with something better like Samsung with more features as Apple charges really huge amount so need to get something beautiful in Return!Discontinued product.Discontinued product...&amp; a year old phone now...! cut off price now...&amp; besides iphone 5c &amp; 5s are coming no buddy will buy this phone in this much price..so you better cut off price of this phoneAPPLE I PHONE 5 WHITE.iPhone 5 is simply brilliant, outstanding touch and very light weight I PH 5 
VERY 2 GOOD ,,,,I PH 5 
VERY GOOD PACKING 
W S,,,RETIAL 
BEST OF LUCK,,,,,,,,,BEST iOS Device till date. Black and Slate is just Amazing.iPhone 5 black and slate is amazingly beautiful and stunning phone looks great better than white iphone 5 .In love!!! :)).My hubby gt me this phone as a gift n i absolutely adore it.. Hv usd android fones in d past bt this is for sure my no.1. :)) so sleek so classy n super fast. Apple is class n i agree !! :)) so happy..Best phone for a smart user.I have used Samsung s4, it has got many things...but what is best about iPhone is that it does not do all things, it may not have more features, but things or feature it has is one of the best till date. 
Pros- 
1. Best display 
2. Best touch- no device till date is better than iPhone in touch. 
3. Most adorable design. 
4. It's a child game to use it. Very simple and well defined os. 
5. Never hangs- I am a iPhone user since Nov 2008. Believe me it never hanged. 
6. Customer service- best...Samsung and Nokia are just 10% of it. Even Chinese phone has got many features, but what matters is service.. If you get some hardware problem in your phone and if you have s4( same price as iPhone ) it will be with service centre for a month...it's with every brand, Nokia was notorious for delays and even Samsung will give give you same... But if you have iPhone you will get it replaced with a new unit. 
 
Guys service is a big issue... 
I brought a Samsung s4.. I wanted to see and feel android, so got it. Got a problem with home button. It was not working. Phone was a week old. I went to Samsung they took it, given 20 days estimate. There deadline failed..I got it after 29 days. I used my old 4s for few days. But my mind refused to go with any other phone, and I got iPhone 5. 
 
Beautiful hardware, most easy to use software, never hangs, excellent service..yearly update cycle( do not have to update phone every 3 months, to use flagship brand device.) 
 
So back to iPhone and will not go to any other brandTHE BEST JUST GOT BETTER.APPLE A COMPANY WHICH GIVES THE BEST PRODUCTS TO THE WORLD YET THIS IS ALSO A NEW I PHONE BUT THE BEST I HAVE IT I LOVE IT ITS THE BEST 
PROS:SLIM 
   EXTREMELY FAST A6 processor 
   GREAT APPS IN app store 
   retina display better than super amoled 
 
CONS: battery back up only max for 3 days 
   its the best so if u have a habit to change your phone every year well u cant because if u use i phone u will never go to any other brandExpensive piece of crap.don't buy this. you'll u surely feel cheated until and unless you rich enough. this brand continues to suck money out of customer's pocket whenever possible.about iphone 5.it is not good as campare to note 3.. this in not a smart as campared to note 3..it runs slow ..its processor is not good but 1 thing i can say that camera quality is best..... ..Highly Overpriced With Highly Outdated Hardware.This phone is not worth to buy these days coz the hardware is outdated. 
It is'nt in the same league of other phones in the same range.. 
 
YOU ONLY BUY A IPHONE TO SHOW THAT YOU CAN AFFORD AN IPHONE ( according to me ) 
 
ANDROID DEVICES BEAT IPHONEFor Fanboys, Kids &amp; Old People !.Hyped Like No Other Phone, This Is Less Of A Phone And More Of A Status Symbol Or A Style Statement To Many...Priced At The Highest End Of The Mobile Spectrum...Yet Totally An F- For the Price : Performance Ratio...But Its Not All Bad..Is It ?....Designed very Beautifully And Crafted From Premium materials (Aluminium And Glass)...The Phone Does look The Part Of a flagship Device....The Screen Estate is Small Compared To The Industry giants...yet The Display Is A capable one....The Camera (Manufactured by Sony) Is One Of The Best To Be Installed On A Mobile Device..The Audio Quality is Top Class...Application Performance Is Great Too..Coz You Know, Its APPLE....They Optimize Everything For There Devices.....And The Wealth Of Apps On The Apple Apps Store Can Only Be Matched By a Few...(But Then again, most Of Them Are Paid Apps)...Plus Their Updates Are more Timely.. 
 
But 45K For A Phone With A Mere 4&quot; Screen Is A little Disappointing....No Expandable Memory... This Is A Big Issue Coz 16 GB (Usable Memory Is Less than 16GB) Is not Enough Especially For A Phone That Can Play HD Games and record 1080p Videos And Play Them As Well...Well You Do Have 32GB And 64GB Versions...But Wait...You Have To Shell Out Extra Few grands For That....Why Should You....45K Is Already A Premium Price To Pay...Then...No USB Mass Storage...Not being Able To use your phone as a portable flash Drive... Disappointing....No Bluetooth file transfers...No FM Radio ...With Some Of The (BIG) Limitations Of The Apple Ecosystem IOS Is Never Going To Evolve Into A Real Mature, Customizable, Usable And Feature Rich OS Like Android...Even The Windows Phone OS Has Become More Productive In Some Ways Than This baby OS From Apple...I don't Think The Non-User Replaceable battery Is A drawback...But The Battery Capacity Is A little Short of Good..Let Alone Spectacular....No NFC..Apple OS Updates hardly Bring Anything New To the Devices.. Seriously Apple Are You Listening... 
 
So Should You Buy it? Yeah Why Not if You : 
 
1. Have Tons Of Money To Spend And Don't Mind getting A phone That is Super hyped and Bound To Draw Eyeballs Towards It.. 
 
2. Are An Apple Fanboy 
 
3. Wanna Use A smartphone But Wanna Skip All the Complexities And Want A (Very) Simple interface..(Basically if You Are A kiddo or and Old Person Who gets Intimidated by Smartphones) 
 
But, Should You be The Kind Who Wants A Good bang For Their buck And A Smartphone Which Truly Does Justice To The Word Flagship ....Well Then A Big NO...You Will Get Almost All Of iPhone 5's Capabilities In Devices That Are Priced Upto 15 Grands Cheaper....not worth.better buy htc one or samsung galaxy s 4, if you can compromise on performance but get the feel of metaalic body, go for htc one eyes closed nd if you want better performance but can compromise on the looks, go for s4. :)plzzz do not buy this if you understand &quot; value of money&quot;.ONLY DUAL CORE 
SMALL SCREEN SIZE 
WORST BATTERY BACKUP 
LARGER APPS SIZE IN I OS 
VERY VERY EXPENSIVE 
AND THERE R MANY OF DISADVANTAGE IN THIS PHONE 
SO THINK SEVEN TIMES BEFORE BUY IPHONE 
HTC ONE AND S4 IS MUCH BETTER OPTION IN UNDER 45 K PRICE TAGusless device with less features than any other midrange phone for 44k ?.what n useless phones this is really. this should be priced somewhere around 20k looking at the features provided comparing it with the other phones.......................................................................................................................................... ..This phone is phenomenal, I've had it for about two days now and let me tell you, the reviewers were not lying about this phone; it's fantastic! I've posted some pictures so you can see the phone up close and have an idea of what you're getting. For my review, I'll split it up into multiple paragraphs that relate to features of the phone. Build Quality: Simply amazing, right out of the box it feels like I am wielding Thor's hammer in my hand, the aluminum back really makes a difference, oils don't catch on it, it doesn't heat up (even with extensive use), friends that own iPhones have been asking to see this phone and everyone else has been blown away by it, the 200+ minutes that they spent making this phone really shows, from the drilled speakers to the comfortably curved backside. Battery: Great, simply the best. This battery has held it's own throughout my day, I can safely confirm that when I first got the phone it had an 80% battery life, and after 5 hours of screen on time, the phone was down to 5%. This was on Wifi however, but when I've tested it over a mobile network it has done a days work with a couple hours of screentime in addition to 18 hours of standby, and has around 30% left. Speakers: To Die For. I've never been a fan of listening to music on phones, or at least not blasting my music through the phones speakers; I would always use headphones. Let me tell you that I stand before you a changed man, the speakers on this phone eclipse my ASUS monitor's! They deliver thundering bass and tremendous treble, driving by a busy 5 lane main road I was able to hear my music perfectly fine. Screen: Bright, it's simply the best. Pixels? They don't exist with this phone, you'd need a microscope to find them, I couldn't detect and with my phone 4 inches from my eyes, it's amazing how this 4.7 inch LCD screen has the same pixel count as my 47 inch HDTV! The screen can stay visible a foot away from a lamp that is shining right at it (see pictures). Camera: The back and front camera's are great, the back one takes perfect pictures and video in low light conditions and the front camera detects my face very fast and unlocks. Zoe is... well, it's a good feature but it's not one that I feel is great, Zoes (for lack of a better term) take up a lot of space. For example: I can take roughly 800 Zoes (this is with about 24 gigabytes of data remaining) or I can take 10,000 regular pictures. I feel that an animated photo album is kind of a waste, but, to each his own. See the video review and pictures for examples. Blinkfeed: Great for news and updates, but tough on the battery, also it's very annoying how it cannot be removed, you can however change your homescreen to another home tab. Call quality: Very good, the person on the other end thinks I'm speaking on a landline, this is possible because of multiple noise cancelling headphones. I'm somewhat limited on time so I have to end the review here, however I will update this review as time goes on and I use this phone more. Ultimately I can tell me and this phone are going places. This is a good, solid phone that deserves the praise it is getting. Is this phone for you? That I can't tell you, I can however tell you my experience with it. If you have any questions that I haven't answered, feel free to respond via a comment and I'll try to get back to you when I can.This phone has been fantastic. I upgraded from the original Samsung Galaxy, and definitely wanted to get away from Samsung. My old Galaxy seemed to be exemplary of what you get from Samsung - a product that is initially great but quickly begins to slow down and wear out. My guess is that Samsung uses a lot of cheaper components in their phones, which makes them cheaper to manufacture and to satisfy demands. That might be great for the customer who wants to turn over their phone every year or so, but I like to stick with my tech for a while, at least until something significantly better comes around. Overall I love this phone, and have been using it for several months now. I guess I'll describe the features of the phone in a bit more detail below. As of right now, I can't name any specific complaints with the phone. ===Aesthetics=== This phone is gorgeous. I wasn't sure how I would adapt to having such a huge screen, but I can now say that it was really easy to get used to it. The screen is ample and the resolution and color fidelity is impressive. The aluminum body gives the whole phone a feeling that makes you recognize just how care and thought went into the design and fabrication of the phone. It also matches my MacBook Pro really well, which is just a fun little bonus for me. I couldn't bring myself to put a case on my phone. I'm a very careful person, especially with things of high value like a smartphone, so I think I'll be okay. After a few months of regular usage there are little to no scratches on the body, and I still get to enjoy having all my friends drool over the phone when I take it out. ===Speakers=== Probably the first thing that just really impressed me about the phone was the very loud and nice sounding speakers. I'm very picky about sound and audio quality, so I'm not comparing them to the great sound you get from things like Swan, Klipsch, etc. That being said, these speakers hold their own compared to built-in laptop speakers and blow other phones out of the water. It's really nice for watching videos and listening to music when you don't have a dedicated speaker to connect your phone to. Keep in mind though, the speakers are LOUD but they can't really compete with ambient noise. To get the most out of listening to the speakers you will need to be in a relatively quiet place that has some decent acoustics so the sound can resonate a bit. For example, they sound great in my bedroom which is a relatively small 11'x10' room but the overall effect diminishes when I play them outside in the courtyard or lawn. This, of course, is to be expected with any sound system so you can't really complain. ===Camera=== I was really excited about the camera for taking low-light pictures in concerts. The first time I tried it though, the camera just totally failed to produce any good images. I know quite a bit about photography, so it seemed to me that the software was trying to compensate for the average low-light by really blowing out the ISO. This would normally work to produce a terribly quality picture that is nonetheless, in focus. Unfortunately, since concerts are generally a blend of extreme darkness off-stage, and VERY bright lights on-stage, this ends up blowing out the stage and the phone can't figure out what to focus on. I basically got a lot of blurry pictures of what looks like glowing humanoids in a dark room. I was pretty disappointed with the results, especially after comparing photos with my friend's iPhone 4. Knowing the specs of the camera, I feel that this is largely a software issue, and frankly if I had full control over ISO, shutter speed, and aperture I could probably get this to take great pictures. While there isn't a way to control shutter speed and aperture as far as I can tell, you can control the ISO. So the next concert I went to, I capped the ISO at 100 and voila! The camera was able to distinguish the band, and take really pretty good pictures. After figuring out what I needed to tinker with to get good pictures, the camera's other software and features really started to shine. The continuous shooting option allows you to take a burst of images and select the best one, which was great for capturing dynamic moments on stage. Another feature I've come to love is the panorama shot (outside of concert-photography of course) and the Zoe. I originally thought the Zoe was kind of a dumb gimmicky thing, and part of me still does believe that. However, it is really kind of cool to have you gallery of events on your phone, complete with little mini-movies that just makes it easy to feel like you are relieving the moment. Sadly, there are no good ways of getting these files off your phone. There's a lot of other great tricks as well, which I haven't fully explored. If you're interested there's lots of articles out there on getting the most out of the HTC One's camera, I'd recommend giving them a look. ===Performance=== Really not much to say here besides the fact that the One is just blazing fast. It's fast at everything it does. The only time it isn't fast it's because the data connection is crap, but that happens rarely in Boston. ===Blinkfeed=== I kind of thought I wouldn't like this unremovable feature that comes with the One. I definitely changed my homescreen, but I often find mysel fusing Blinkfeed. I'm really, really, really, busy. I'm sure a lot of you are also really busy. For me, at least, this has translated to me being pretty far removed from what's going on in the rest of the world. That's where blinkfeed comes in to provide me with something I didn't have super easy access to before - news! It's all right there, constantly updating a feed of news based on what you're interested in. It's like having an electronic newspaper on hand all the time. For that reason, I've really loved it. That's about it in terms of the features that immediately come to mind. Hopefully you've found this review helpful. If you're torn between getting the One of the Samsung, I would really recommend the One. I have owned many Samsung products over the years, and have had many friends with their products as well. Overall, they just don't seem to last very long. I feel that Samsung is just under the impression that its customers won't be keeping their products for much longer than a year, so they don't build them to last much longer than that. If you want a solidly constructed Android phone that will both last you a long time and offer you everything you could want from the top smartphones on the market today, this is your guy.As the previous owner of the Galaxy S3, which up until recently was what many say was the best phone on the market, the HTC One makes all other phones seem outdated. If you are a avid news reader, sports fanatic, or social networker then the Blinkfeed home screen is for you. While many may find the Blinkfeed home screen a drawback because of not being able to remove it, it is very useful to have all of your updates for news, game scores, and social networks in one easily accessible place. The camera is by far the best camera in any phone I have owned. The front camera is incredible. Ever picture I have taken so far has been flawless. The speakers are loud and exactly what was described in the previews of this phone. If you have trouble hearing an alarm in the morning, this phone will definitely wake you up. This phone is available in 32gb and 64gb, if you use a lot of apps and put a lot of media in the phone,I recommend the 64gb. The HTC Sense Remote is my favorite feature on this phone. The set up takes only a few seconds and it works much better than my actual tv remote. The battery has lasted me two days without charge already. I constantly use the internet and text on this phone, with my Galaxy S3, the battery would die in a few hours. This phone is perfect for anyone on the go. Pros: Camera, HTC BoomSound with Beats Audio, HTC Sense Remote, Battery Life, Large and Bright Screen Cons: HTC Blinkfeed, Non-expandable memory, Non-removable batteryI've owned the original Galaxy S (i897 - AT&T variant), then the Galaxy SII (i777), and planned on getting the new Galaxy SIV.. But, after a solid week of research.. I had to go with the HTC One.. Before anything.. This phone is Sexy!.. as soon as I pull this it out of my pocket, the first words I hear people say is &#34;Wow&#34;, &#34;Elegant&#34;, and &#34;Beautiful&#34;.. The aluminum uni-body design is a great change from the typical plastic designs offered by Samsung. In terms of performance, this phone is pure butter out of the box.. Honestly, there is no need to Root or flash a custom ROM to make this phone any faster.. It's just fast, period!.. On the contrary, I walked into an AT&T store the day before the Galaxy SIV was released, so that I can have a chance to play with it (Galaxy SIV) before actually purchasing it. As soon as I opened up the app drawer and started scrolling left & right through the apps, I noticed lag.. I couldn't believe that the Galaxy SIV, with all of it's impressive specs, still suffered from software lag.. I dealt with it on my SI and SII, and though I could have easily resolved it with a proper custom ROM, I was very disappointed when I saw it happen on the SIV.. Thus, making it very easy for me to go with the HTC One instead.. The HTC One is the first Android device that I have used that could easily be compared to an iPhone in terms of smoothness. Sense 5.0 vs Touchwiz: Although I was never a real big fan of Samsungs choice for skin overlay, it wasn't ugly, and it served it's purpose.. Samsung did have some really great features that I enjoyed using like Multi-Window, Pop out Video, and several camera features.. But recently, Touchwiz is just becoming way too colorful and girly for my taste, even with the use of an alternative launcher (Apex).. What really drove me crazy was the slideshow feature for MMS.. I hated the fact that the only way that I could view an MMS in full screen or even just zoom in, was by having to download the image.. there was no setting to remove the slideshow feature.. I tried using Handcent and Chomp as an alternative, but they were both crap... On the other hand,... Sense 5.0 is clean, simple, and beautiful.. I haven't even bothered installing Apex this time around.. and I actually enjoy using Blinkfeed.. Most importantly, I can view in full screen and zoom in on MMS without having to download the image.. Basically,... The HTC One fit my needs the best..I purchased this phone last week after patiently waiting for GS4 to come out and checking out GS4 vs HTC One comparisons. This is not only a great phone (no doubt), but if you are a regular user that cares about entertainment, smooth experience, customization, awesome user experience, it is THE BEST phone you can currently buy in the market right now. Here are my pros and cons Pros: === 1) Magnificent display, words cannot summarize how gorgeous it looks. 2) Simple interface that looks good, and gets work done. Certain software features like HTC backup and sync, multitasking grid, gorgeous weather widget, clean settings menus (are you listening samsung?), pleasant colors and cozy texts are all very useful software features from HTC standpoint! 3) Real smoothy performance comparable to that of the iPhone (Android fanboys are gonna bash me for saying this, but iPhone is the benchmark of design, smoothness of performance, excellence in battery life and, really that pleasure & awesomeness of the experience that you get out of using a device!). HTC One really surprised me on that, my experience so far has been really really awesome! 4) Do I really need to talk about build quality here? :) It's absolutely magnificent and for some reason, it reminds me of Retina Macbook pro! 5) Camera. Excellent pics in HDR mode and low light shooting is absolutely stunning! The camera can actually capture more detail than human eye does! Daylight shots are only about okay, not too impressed with that though! 6) Powerful, zippy performance. This phone is a beast and crushes all benchmarks. Performance from a user perspective is unbelievably smooth, and like I said earlier, the user experience is excellent and definitely the lag-free performance has something to do with it! Cons: === 1) Home button placement. It's absolutely terrible. What was HTC thinking?! The guy that designed this needs to be fired! It was very annoying at the beginning but I got used to it now. And because of this ridiculous button placement, some apps have the dreadful menu button (that's absent in the device) at the botton of the screen consuming close to 15-20% of phone real estate. The good thing is, this is a popular phone and there is a good chance of app developers fixing this! 2) Battery life. I saw a lot of reviews saying it's quite good but for me it's only about okay! Don't get me wrong, it gets me though the day but when I'm heading to a late night party/ club directly after work on a friday night, I want my phone to have that extra bit of juice until I get home later in the midnight. This phone won't last you that long unless you are a very light user! 3) Sense 5 annoyances. Blinkfeed cannot be disabled, lack of power toggles (samsung did a cool job in gs4 by adding it in their notification bar but 4.2.2 update should fix this minor issue), dock is part of app drawer and you can't add/remove items in dock without app drawer open, multitast only last 9 apps (WHY HTC? WHY?), automatic adding of facebook friend's pics in gallery (I don't wanna see pictures of my friends in my gallery, are you kidding me HTC?!) 4) Phone gets hot sometimes and this happened when I was shooting pics in camera app non-stop for 30 mins or so. Not a big deal, but it can be an issue if it happens often! All in all, this is a great phone, one that will make your heart fall in love with it the first time you start using it!I had an Iphone 5 (company issued) and I just bought the HTC one, and have an opportunity to compare both side by side, here are my personal impressions: Screen display HTC One is better than Iphone 5, not just because of the size of the screen, but it was better in screen resolution, I also can read HTC one better than Iphone 5 under the direct sun light situation, Ease of use iPhone 5's user interface is a little bit dated compare with HTC one, but I think from getting to direct phone, mail and calendar basic functions, iPhone5 is still the leader here, HTC one is a little bit complicated compare to iPhone 5, I also feel that some of the features provided with HTC One is better suited for a larger display device like iPad. HTC One is more of a hybrid between iPhone and iPad, two-in-one device. Android vs Apple IOS I have no preference here, both work fine for me, However, Apple seems to be more of a proprietary system compare with Andriod based device. I can very much transfer the content from my HTC One directly to my Wondows 8 desktop and vice versa without any iTune or intermediary account, cannot do that with iPhone. Design HTC One is way better than IPhone, has that industrial design look and feel. Camera Both are about equal. HTC One takes better picture indoor than iPhone. Apps Both have zillions of apps in circulation, depends on which camp you belong, you will find comparable software application at both side, HTC One will function best with a Google Gmail account. Conclusion If you are an Apple user with Mac and iPad, and is tied to an Apple account, you will be happy with iPhone, but if you operated in a mixed system environments, and you already have a Google account and like the Google way of doing things, you will love the HTC One.Disclaimer: this is a review for the T-Mobile version, but since the phones are nearly identical (and there's no separate T-Mobile model listing), I'm posting a review on the AT&T version. I've been an Android user since the G1 (also by HTC), and despite this being my third HTC phone, the HTC One is my first phone that doesn't run stock/vanilla Android. After over a month of use, my view of the phone is that it's a beautiful phone that could have been perfect save for some faults and quirks. First off, the hardware looks phenomenal with its aluminum unibody construction. The back is smooth and feels comfortable to hold. However, that same smoothness has caused the phone to slip out of my hands on a few occasions. Without a case on, it's difficult to get a good grip on this phone without a decent amount of pressure. The buttons are also flush with the sides, so unless you know precisely where the buttons are, you can't really fumble around and hope to hit the buttons without looking. And the capacitive buttons seem to have a very small target area; it happens far too often that a button press doesn't register because I didn't hit the icon straight on. The camera is the best camera I've ever had on a smartphone. The low light pictures are great, and Zoes, which I originally thought were a gimmick, are pretty fun to play with. The downside to this is that the gallery can be difficult to navigate. There is a separate folder for pictures from your friends on your social networks, which you can't delete; and it's not as easy to make a Highlight video as it should be (you have to be in Events view, and then you may need to manually create your own event if you want to select the pictures/Zoes to be included). The gallery just feels clunky to use and navigate, which is a sharp contrast with the easy to use camera. Sense 5 is fast and barely feels like Sense at times; and then there are times when I found myself frustrated by it. Save for some theming, Sense 5 runs like stock Android 4.1.2 and is just as fast. But like the gallery app, there are some elements to Sense that feel clunky, such as linking my contacts together or moving apps/widgets to the homescreen (I'm using Nova Launcher now, so this isn't a problem anymore). For my day to day use when I'm using other apps, I barely notice Sense. But in the few moments when I need to use a system app, I find it frustrating compared to stock Android. Despite these criticisms, there are several great features about the phone. Because of the IR port, I've found myself using my phone as a remote quite often. The dual front-facing speakers make it incredibly easy to watch or listen to something. And the 1080p screen is just beautiful to look at. My last phone had a 720p display (which was a huge leap from my previous phone), and there are some moments where the extra resolution is noticeable. Blinkfeed is another feature that I originally called a gimmick, but it's a feature I found myself liking. The downside is that it doesn't work with a third-party launcher, so if you want it, you'll lose it with a third-party launcher like Nova. On the other hand, if you don't like it, you can get rid of it with a third-party launcher. Regardless of whether you purchase the AT&T or T-Mobile version of the phone, Google Wallet will not work on the device (only on Sprint). You can install the app, but it does not work. If you want to pay by NFC, you need to use the Isis app, as long as you're in one of their two test markets. At the end of the day, I really do enjoy using this phone, but I often find myself feeling like it's a few steps short of excellence. Some days I want to go back to my Nexus 4; other days, I can't imagine giving up the HTC One and its new features. For a regular/new smartphone user, I think this phone would be perfect for them. For someone who is more of an Android enthusiast, it may not be quite as perfect, but I think that this is the best Android device out there right now, save for possibly a Nexus.Actually, it took me over a week to really feel attached to this phone! At first I didn't want this phone and wanted the s4, but the plastic on the s4 looked tacky against the gorgeous aluminum of the One. I also wasn't sold on the ultrapixel camera, but since my phone was on it's last gasping breath of air I decided to get this phone. It also helped that my sis really wants this phone so I could always give it to her. This phone took a little getting used to.. I have an Asus tablet that's pretty close to stock android so when I saw HTC ones android I was a little confused. For example, on my tablet I can kill tasks easily, but on the one it took me a day to figure out that I have to push the home button twice to be able to kill apps lol As u can probably tell, I'm kind of technologically challenged. Also I can't find Polaris on the phone. I can use it to view docs but I can't find the actual app on the phone. These are just the inconveniences that I had. BUT I absolutely love the front speakers. They are so loud and music sounds so good on it. It's so smart because sometimes you want to put the phone down but still listen to music and with other phones and tablets the music just gets muffled. I also enjoy blinkfeed. It keeps me up to date with news facebook Twitter etc. Sometimes it can get really busy on there, but you can set another page as your home page so you're not constantly overwhelmed with information. There also aren't enough news websites yet, but huffington post is great. Overall though I think it was a nice addition. I don't own a camera so my phone would be my main source of taking pictures. I wasn't sold on the ultrapixels, but honestly the camera is pretty good. The colors are true to life and not blurry. It's a huge upgrade from my 1.3 mp camera :p the features are also nice. My sis and I spent half an hour cracking up making our eyes bigger and 'contouring' our faces lol in the end we looked like crazy aliens! This phone is also blazing fast. Ahh I love it. It is so much fast than my tablet. My tablet only has 1gb of ram and it has 1.2 ghz so it takes awhile. Anyway my uverse is only 3mbps so it's not fast but this phone still loads pages really fast. I also love the screen. It is so sharp and the colors are nice. It's also not to wide so I'm able to text with one hand if I really have to. I definitely wouldnt mind if it was narrower because I have small hands but it's a trade off for the bigger screen. Battery life is pretty good. I don't bring my charger around and I get around 10 ish hours of normal use. My normal is lots of reading news articles, playing games like shark evo, cross me, email, taking pictures of my dog and browsing stuff online. There's also another feature that I really really love. It's the tv remote app lol I can never find the remote so this has made it so convenient to change the channel. I use it all the time. It also has a schedule that lists all the stuff that's on tv. Now I don't have to channel surf which is really annoying. I just open the app and see what's on. This phone is absolutely gorgeous and I really recommend it esp since it's 150 on amazon right now!! You won't regret getting this phone! I'm really glad I chose this over the s4 and iphone 5! Update #1 May 4th,2013 I still love this phone lol Although, there are some issues with the home and back buttons. A lot of people have been reporting problems with theirs not working. Well mine work about 85% of the time. Sometimes the home button doesn't work and I end up hitting the camera app which is annoying but worse things can happen. Also, previously I mentioned that the phone lasted about ten hours. This isn't ten hours of non-stop use. It's ten hours of normal use. If I sat there nonstop I think this phone lasts about 4 hours with the screen on half brightness. This phone does take a long time to charge. I don't really mind though. I read in an article that HTC did this one purpose so that the battery will last longer. Im thankful for that since we can't take out the battery. It's been half a month since I've had it and other than the buttons not working sometimes, I am still very happy with my purchase.This phone is how phones should be designed. period. It is rock solid and feels like a true premium device in hand. You can instantly tell that there was blood sweat and tears put into every inch of this phone. While I've always disliked sense and rooted my phones to put stock android on my past HTC phone's ( EVO 4G, One X) I'm going to keep sense on this phone. The main reasons is that blinkfeed is very useful, once you sync your favorites and put your interests in the news it brings up is tailored to you. The best example of this was in tonight's NFL draft I had an updated feed on whom my favorite NFL team had drafted when I unlocked my phone. The next feature of this phone that I will praise is the &#34;boomsound&#34; speakers. While I wouldn't have personally chose the name boomsound these speakers are what every phone should have. It makes watching any video, listening to any music MUCH more enjoyable to watch on a phone. Coming from a tiny back speaker on the One X to two front facing speakers is night and day. The screen should also be praised as well. While my old phone the One X was praised by many to be one of the best of 2012 this screen eclipses that phone in many ways. The first thing I noticed is that the colors are much more accurately represented compared to last years phone. The second thing is that every thing is tack sharp, you literally cannot pick out individual pixels on this phone. While I typically do not use the camera on phones that often as I usually have a camera with me at all times I will give the camera on this phone an honorable mention. HTC has been bold to bring the megapixel argument to the forefront and prove that a camera that has a larger aperture will truly take better photos in most settings. Because face it most times that we take photos with a smartphone are in low light locations (indoors, at night etc.). I recommend this phone to anyone who is in the market for a new phone currently. You will not be disappointed.I've had this phone for a little over a month now. This thing is awesome. First of all, the build is awesome. If you're geeky, like me, you'll love the fact that this phone is machined out of a solid block of aluminum. It feels great. Absolute lack of creaks like I've had with every plastic phone I've had. Perfectly rigid. I've dropped it (no case) and there was no mark at all. My wife even slid it over salt on a restaurant table and there were no marks at all. Any fear of aluminum scratching easily are unfounded. This is not like the iPhone 5. How did it take so long for someone to figure out a way to make an all metal body? It pays off in the feel and look. The Boomsound is no gimmick. These speakers are loud and clear. My wife even listens to music on the speakers while washing dishes. They sound that good! Plus, the headphone jack has an independent amp and sounds absolutely great. The only phone that sounds better with music (on the headphone jack) is the HTC 8X. This thing is a music lover's dream...especially if you subscribe to one of those streaming music services. On the topic of sound, the call quality is amazing! I've never had a clearer call, even on a land line. My mother in law is hard of hearing and this is the first phone that gave her no problems during calls. The noise reduction is so good that my wife can't even tell when I'm driving...even on speakerphone (which is loud enough to use without bluetooth so you don't get a ticket!). There is NO louder phone. The screen is amazing. If you turn off powersaver mode, it is brighter than the Galaxy S4. The LCD nature gives you the sharpest possible picture. People say you can't tell, but I can see the fuzz of the pentile display on AMOLEDs (go look up close at a store...you'll see...there is a difference). The colors aren't as saturated as an AMOLED, but it is SoLux certified (google it...it's a certification for professional color accuracy!). The text is so sharp, it looks painted on. On top of it, I didn't even realize, before this phone, that the notification tray icons sometimes have text in them! This phone is soooo sharp! The camera handles anything! I've gotten so many shots that I couldn't have before with the great low light and high contrast performance. I've gotten shots of people's faces with the sun right over their shoulder. Despite the complaints of only 4.3MP, I've printed spectacular 4x6 prints...haven't tried larger yet, but no one can believe these prints are from a phone. The battery isn't a problem at all. I get 20 hours between charges with 3 hours of screen time. If you get something less, check your apps. I've fixed a couple of people's battery times by finding a rogue app that runs down the battery using the CPU in the background. Lastly, the processor and RAM make this phone scream. Not all RAM is made the same...some manufacturers use slow RAM to save money that causes lag, even with the same or better specs. Not so here...this phone is perfect.I recently upgraded from my HTC Inspire... when I purchased that I made the mistake when getting that phone of getting a model below the newest phone because it was cheaper... but in 15 months it was nearly crippled by the lack of storage & slow processor. For 6 months I have been looking at cell phones, I was stuck between the HTC One X+ & The Samsung Galaxy S3. I am so glad I couldn't make up my mind because 2 days after I was eligible for an upgrade the HTC One was announced! I was extremely excited by the specs and the new camera and honestly it hasn't disappointed. There was a release delay which allowed me to compare it to the Galaxy S4 and I can same I am very happy with my choice. I was able to pre-order my phone with AT&T and get the $90 media link accessory for free. PROS: Looks/Feel~~ What can I say it is a beautiful and sleek phone! The metal case feels great in my hands as HTC is known for it feels very durable. This was a big reason I prefer HTC over Samsungs light plasticy phones. The screen is big, but it's longer and about the same width at my old phone which means I can still fit it in my pocked unlike many other phones and even for a female with small hands it is still easy to use with just one hand. Software~~ The new HTC Sense 5 is awesome! It runs smoothly and though I didn't think I would care about the blink news feed I actually really like it! I do wish they had some more news options, but I have quick access to real news updates which is nice when I am waiting in lines and other things where you don't have time to surf to find them. Not only that but I just love the look and being able to scroll through the pictures with the titles. They did move a lot of stuff around from Sense 4, but it's still very easy to use. Also the phone is more then powerful enough to run & support it. Sound~~ I know this can vary some by network & location but I find the call quality to be very good, much better then my friends iPhone 5. Also I didn't think I would care about the beats audio but OH MY it is frickin' awesome. Whether for media, apps like skype or making calls it's crisp & clear, even at lower volumes. Speed~~ The quad core processor is super fast & between that, 2g Ram & Sense 5 it runs fast & smoothly. Camera ~~ This is the golden child!!! I was SO over the moon about the Ultrapixel camera... I love photography & for years I have argued with people about megapixels. There is a reason why the one model with 6mp is the same as the one with 13mp even though they are the same brand... the 6mp one had better quality parts! You can give a camera as many pictures as you want, but a small crappy picture will just turn into a large one. The camera is fast & the amount of light it lets in is insane (that whole bigger better individual pixels thing). With 5 kids this was one of the main reasons I wanted this camera. I have a nice Nikon DSLR but it doesn't fit in my pocket, I take 90% of my pictures with this now. You can actually zoom and take pictures with my cell phone and many people think I used my DSLR. The video quality is equally amazing though the files are big if you don't turn the quality down a little bit. The front camera while lower quality still takes great pictures and it's nice to have on a phone (my old one did not). It has the Zoe feature which is cool but I really don't use it yet. Screen Quality~~ I put a screen protector on mine so I can't really talk about the glass it self but the touch works super well and the colors are amazing & more true then the s3 which I could to have a very bright white that distorts things a bit. Extra~~ The TV remote function is also great, I didn't think it would work with our TV because it isn't a smart TV but it does!!! It is basically a digital universal remote. We don't have cable so we don't use if for that but it is nice to have while nursing the baby & not being able to find the remote the 2yr old hid. Memory~~ 32g is standard & At&t has a 64g for $100 more. CON'S: Price~~ Not cheap, but at the same time are any of them anymore? Not unless they are old & the iPhone is more for less memory Built in memory~~ Many smart phones are going the way of the iphone with built in memory. After first I thought I would hate it but honestly it's not bad! I just set up dropbox to sync with my phone incase something happens to it. I do recommend the 64g though if you can afford it. The 32g is okay but with basic stuff & not many apps it is already using about 12g of space... apps just keep getting bigger and if you are like me & use your camera a ton it will fill up even faster. Since I can't use an SD card I felt better purchasing the 64g for myself. Built in battery~~ Again many smart phones are going the way of the iphone with built in batteries. I have never been one to carry multiple batteries to swap out so honestly that wasn't really a concern. I drain my battery before charging anyway so the battery in my nearly 2yr old phone is still fine. Screen lighting~~ The phone has a slightly less bright screen then some other phones on the market to help save power. In part because it also has the largest quadcore processor for the moment. Honestly I rarely notice and it isn't an issue for me but I wanted to mention it. Battery life~~ It's not the worst but not the best. Honestly most smart phones are HORRIBLE so it makes it hard to compare at times. It really depends on your use wifi, games etc. will drain it, Candy Crush is bad about draining it fast (they use that handy dandy processor) but talk, music & standby times are actually very good for such a technically beast like phone (again like all things tech 'for the moment') Heating up with some apps~~ Like other smart phones I have used some apps & games like Candy Crush use a lot of the phones resources. The processor means business & it does warm up if playing games like that for extended period of times. It hasn't burnt me or anything but it will get warm enough in your hand for you to take a break at times. It hasn't been nearly as bad as our older phones All & all I couldn't be happier with my purchase! I have recommended it to friends and have even converted a few iPhone users over to the dark side. I was nervous about paying so much for a phone ($299 for the 64g with a 2yr & got a free $90 medialink for preordering) but when I considered I have spent around $150 on my point & shoot cameras I decided to just do it and I am so glad I did.I&#8217;ve had this phone for about 4 months now and I love it. Previously I had the HTC One X+, GS3, and iPhone4. HTC just doesn&#8217;t get the reputation they deserve; I mean they make great phones that always get overshadowed by Samsung. I guess the marketing department just isn&#8217;t that great over at HTC. Of all the current crop of high end phones the HTC One offered the best overall package from the exterior to the internals. My current HTC One is running on the AT&T network and I&#8217;m happy with it. But AT&T does have its annoyances, but we&#8217;ll just leave it at that. Construction: The phone is beautifully designed with a smooth machined aluminum body that feels very solid in your hand. It the best looking phone on the market right now hands down. I&#8217;ve shown this phone to many people and they are impressed by its good looks and sturdy feel. You can look at it from any angle and it looks seamless. Something you can&#8217;t say about the GS3/4, which both feel cheap and flimsy. The back of the phone is curved slightly for a good fit in the palm of your hand. The buttons are recessed so the edge of the phone is very smooth, adding to the overall sleekness. Screen: The glass protecting the screen is the standard Gorilla Glass 2 found on all high end smartphones. What differentiates the HTC One from other phone is the use of a Super LCD which allows for very accurate color reproduction. The AMOLED screen found on the GS4 tends to oversaturate colors. I will take truer colors over power saving any day. Aside from great color reproduction, the screen has very high 469ppi. Websites and text appear as if they&#8217;re printed on paper. Using the phone in full sunlight proved to be no problem and everything was easily readable. Camera: I hate how the current market trend is towards higher pixel cameras, and consumers buy this BS. Please stop listening to marketing gimmick, higher pixel count does not always guarantee better pictures. The lens quality, CMOS sensor/camera internals, and processing software make a huge difference in the outcome of the picture quality. You can have a 13 megapixel picture taken with a bad sensor and your picture will come out ugly as sin. The Ultrapixel sensor in the HTC One is a nice compromise between picture quality and image size. Having higher pixel count also means that you&#8217;re going to have larger pictures and a harder time to manipulate the pictures later on. I don&#8217;t know about you but if your need is to have a higher pixel count picture, why not just use a quality digi camera or SLR? Use the right tool for the right job. The Ultrapixel camera produces very true colors (compliments the SuperLCD screen). A lot of people agree that the iPhone 5/s/c is equipped with a great camera and the One&#8217;s camera is up there with the Apple&#8217;s flagship. Lots of controls in the UI to adjust ISO, shutter speed, and filters; all easily accessed within the UI. Sound You might be wondering why I am dedicating an entire section on sound. Well the HTC took some thought into the design of the phone and integrated amazing sounding speakers. They managed to cram a pair of stereo front facing speakers into the phone. You&#8217;d think a speaker is a speaker right? Well not quite, HTC is using technology from NXP (model TFA9887), which works to boost the power of the speakers to 2.6 watts RMS without destroying the driver. The result is speakers that don&#8217;t sound like you&#8217;re listening to music underwater, but ones that have perfect clarity. The difference is astounding especially when the speakers are centrally pointed at you. There is a pseudo surround effect when watching movies, or youtube clips. These speakers work outdoors and cuts through ambient noise, so you don&#8217;t have to cup your ear close to the phone when your friend shows you a clip at a restaurant or a noisy place. I dare you to find another phone that has the same quality sounding speakers, but alas you&#8217;ll only find the high end phone environment littered with rear or side facing speakers. Other manufacturers should learn a lesson from HTC. The great speakers serve a dual purpose. Not only are they used to boost up your favorite music track, but the top speaker is used for voice calls. The large speaker boosts the person&#8217;s voice on the other end very clearly, but without being too loud. You can hear voice calls even in noisy areas. No more screaming &#8220;What? I can&#8217;t hear you!&#8221; to the other person. Front End Interface HTC Sense 5.0, in my opinion is the cleanest UI implementation of any phone. It&#8217;s a very modern and minimalist take on the Android user interface. Menus are snappy without any noticeable lag. Look wise it&#8217;s not as boring as Google&#8217;s stock Android UI and not as textured as Samsung&#8217;s Touchwiz or busy as LG Optimus UI. The menu and buttons are flat with dark colored back ground with slight transparency. But most important of all the entire UI feel consistent from screen to screen and menu to menu. The UI serves to dish information to the user in a very condensed way without being too complicated. Let&#8217;s take the notification menu as an example (pull down on the upper right part of the screen). This menu is very clean and when you pull down it only shows notifications, just like in the stock Android implementation. You can dismiss each item individually and the menu feels decluttered and shows only the essentials. This design philosophy carries through to all the menus. Take a look at Samsung&#8217;s notification menu, gah, so many button toggles. Most important of all, HTC doesn&#8217;t package the phone with useless and redundant bloatware apps that Samsung does. I was shocked at the number of apps that are bundled with the GS3 and you can&#8217;t disable some of them. If you bought the phone from a carrier such as AT&T then you&#8217;re not going to escape from this. Usually phone carriers will add their own useless apps to the mix, but fortunately most of them can be disabled and be out of your life. Exclusive Features ZOE: One of the coolest features on the phone. When this feature is turned on pressing the shutter button will take a 3 second clip of the scene. You can then choose the best frame or edit out objects or people that are distracting in the scene. Group shots ruined by someone not smiling or have their eyes closed? Not a problem, you can use Zoe to find the perfect frame. The software automatically adjusts exposure and quickly compiles it into the perfect shot. The features and tweaking functions found in this photo software package makes it stand out from the crowd. Blinkfeed: Aggregates content into small readable tiles from a range of websites. Right now a limited number of websites are supported, but the most of them covers the content that is the most useful such as news, social media, and tech. This is my favorite feature on the phone Battery Life Battery life is generally good. I can get through the day without having to tap into the wall socket (12 hours battery time). My normal day consists of light web surfing, gaming and texts. If you really want to conserve batter the phone has 2 battery saving features that will stretch the battery further: Sleep Mode and Battery Saver can both be found in the settings menu. Conclusion: Overall the HTC One is a great phone that stands out even though the market is now crowded with high end phones from Motorola, Google, Samsung and LG. Its good looks and unique features help it stand out above the crowd. I&#8217;m not a spokesman for HTC and wrote this review of my own freewill. &#61514;HTC has created a masterpiece. Htc one is one sexy phone;that is not the only reason you should get this phone. Under the hood this phone has great bells and whistles, in fact galaxy s4 US Version has the same specs. This phone def. beats S4, iphones in build quality, speakers, performance, design and updates. Speakers on the phone are unmatchable by any smartphones in the market. i was surprised when i hold it the first time. Build quality is excellent, a major step up from 2012 HTC ONE series.i am a galaxy s4 user and i got this phone for my dad. compare to S4, this phone is better in terms performance, call quality and speakers. This is the must have phone. Camera performance: This phone has amazing sensor packed inside, a huge step up from last year's one series. If you are the person who likes to posts photos on facebook and instagram then this is phone for you. if you are trying to replace your digital camera with this one than thats not going to happen. This phone packs 4 MP camera, so when you zoom in the picture for editing, right away you see lack of details. What this phone needs is bigger mega pixel to capture more details. If details is important for you then consider something else. Speaker Performance: Boom sound is amazing period. if you like music, and dont have speakers handy then this is the phone for you. this phone is loud and clear.After obsessive research I dove in and purchased the HTC One (64GB Developers Edition) about 4 months ago. Bottom line with this phone: Good 1) Plenty fast 2) Super sleek design 3) Actually like BlinkFeed Not So Good 1) Camera is disappointing 2) Battery life is mediocre 3) Unlit Home and Back Keys are Annoying Every phone has pluses and minuses, that is understood. Intuitive use should be at the top of the designer's and engineer's list. The problem? The Home and Back button's backlighting is controlled by the light sensor (located on the top left of the front of the phone). In many lighting situations, the buttons don't illuminate and are difficult to see. This causes the user to have to hunt blindly for the buttons. The poor functioning of the Home and Back buttons seems like a small issue, but it is a hassle you will deal with constantly. The lack of a decent camera can be mitigated - I have a good Nikon SLR for when I want top notch pictures, but dealing with the Home and Back buttons is an everyday annoyance. HTC could easily fix this by allowing the user to set how the Back and Home buttons illuminate (Auto, On or OFF). My advice: get the Google Play edition of the HTC. Pure Android is the way to go.I own a Galaxy S2 (and iPhone 3GS before that) and was confused which one to buy next. The main candidates were Galaxy S4, HTC One and LG Optimus G Pro. Finally decided with HTC One and have no buyer's remorse! Was very impressed with the quality and performance. The display is excellent and has no purple discoloration seen in Samsung phones (and LG to a lesser extend). For the first time in many years, I can use the a phone without charging every day! The battery is lasting for 2 days easily! The camera is a delight and takes excellent shots with good quality. The HTC Zoe is very nice and built-in Zoe software create 30s clips with random photos and videos and has a professional touch. I normally dont use these kind of mobile photo apps, but was pleasantly surprised with the wonderful quality clips it creates (it has some bugs to fix though) - my daughter never used to pose for photos before - with the Zoe, she always want to take photos and watch the Zoe clip afterwards! I use my phone for office email and calendar, and they are very good and are miles ahead of the ones I had in S2(S2 with Android 4). Not sure if they are part of standard Android 4.1 or special HTC apps - in any case, they are very usable now. The BlinkFeed is good and gives you a news-stream(like Pulse) right on the home screen. And yes, I forgot to mention the front-facing dual speakers. With other phones, once you put a case, the volume used to be very low and suppressed. With the speakers being on the front, I no longer have the problem. In short, I will recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a phone they wont regret buying. Pros: - excellent display (1080p - crystal clear) - excellent battery life (lasts for 2 days) - excellent camera quality - front-facing speakers - improved(and yes, usable) mail/calendar apps for office use with easy Microsoft Exchange integration - HTC Zoe 30s clips - HTC Blink Cons: - no micro-SD card slot - can not replace battery easily (not removable like Galaxy phones) - some bugs in HTC Zoe softwareAfter several years spent bouncing between no-contract phones, I finally decided to bite the bullet and move up with the big shots in the league of contract smartphones. Making the decision was tough, to say the least. In years past, I have owned a cell phone from nearly every major brand, including (but not limited to) the Motorola Triumph, the Samsung Galaxy SIII, the Nokia Lumia 920, and the HTC EVO 4G. When the time came to choose my new phone, I ended up opting for the HTC One, primarily because I had preferred the EVO over other previous-generation smartphones (iPhones are too limited, Motorolas too slow, Samsungs too full of third-party spamware). After about a month of owning my HTC One, I can safely say that I am glad I chose it over the 5S and the S4. Why? Quite simply, the One is the pinnacle of current smartphone tech. As far as build quality goes, the phone is a legitimate work of art. The bulk of the outer casing is made of nicely carved metal, with little plastic to be found. The screen looks *fantastic*, with the HD 1080 p image looking crisp and clear. Whats more, the touchscreen has an excellent and accurate response, always reacting to your motions without over or under responding. As far as performance, the phone is a powerhouse. It handles basic functions such as texting and calling with no strain at all, and it easily keeps up with multitasking and app usage. Even gaming barely seems to slow the phone down. Thanks to HTCs Sense UI, interface is quick and easy. Unlike competing phones (namely Motorola and Samsung), the One has very little third-party bloatware pre-installed, and aside from provider-based apps (like AT&Ts data monitor app, for example), there is little spamware to be found. HTC Blinkfeed can be hit or miss. Personally, I found it to be a little bit confusing (reading through Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook all at once can be taxing), and its not all too useful as you still have to enter the corresponding apps to make any actions based on your Blinkfeed (ergo, a facebook post on Blinkfeed has to be *liked* via the Facebook app, and an Instagram post has to be *liked* through Instagram, etc)...rather annoying for me personally, but I'm sure there are many others out there who'd love Blinkfeed. Thankfully, we will get the ability to shut off Blinkfeed with the release of HTC Sense 5.5, so no complaints here. Audio and camera quality are both epic wins for the HTC One. The Boomsound speakers are bloody LOUD, and can be used as an effective sound system in a small room. These speakers are augmented by the integrated Beats audio function, which does an impressive job of &#34;upscaling&#34; all music (be it through the music player or Pandora/Spotify); Beats certainly has a noticeable effect, music played with Beats on has a bigger &#34;boom&#34; to its bass then music played with Beats turned off. As for camera, the 4 ultrapixel back camera looks great, and performs fantastically in low light conditions. My only complaint about the HTC One is about the distinct lack of home and capacitive buttons. The One has only two capacitive buttons, a dual function back button and a dual function home button. This is quite a painful downgrade from the HTC EVOs four capacitive buttons, and not something I care for, but its certainly livable. All in all, the HTC One scores a 10/10 in my book. In terms of performance and quality, it blows away the Galaxy S4 and the Motorla Moto X, all while outperforming the iPhone 5S and the Nokia Lumia 925. This is *the* definitive mobile experience.Great phone, Love it, best one I had. Gave up a iPhone and won't go back. But It needs away to Lock in a wifi network without out putting in the password each time I come home or over a friends house. Maybe there is and I don't know how yet.My experience with this phone so far was a bit of a pain. It came to me with 4.1 OS on it and trying to get it to upgrade to 4.3 was a hassle with AT&T. The mandatory blinkfeed is kind of annoying, but I use it for Facebook. The only thing that irks me is the Accuweather widget. You CANNOT get rid of it without ROOTing your phone which voids your warranty. I buy the HTC Droid phones for maximum customization and Accuweather is worthless for the weather in my area. It hovers above the blink feed and in the lock screen. Otherwise, the phone is beautiful and the sound is incredible. I bought the commuter case from Otterbox as I try to never touch my phones without them being in a case. Slides smoothly into my pocket.I have been spending the last 8 hours setting up my new HTC One. I have had a good time both learning how this amazing device works and setting preferences. I performed an update to the android operating system. It was 245 Megs and was an incremental update to 4.1.2. I should be able to do the update to 4.3 tomorrow. Along with all the things that so many people have pointed out that this smartphone can do, what impresses me is the speed which it does things. My last smartphone was the Optimus Elite which was a good device, but not even close to the speed of the One. I have always used no-contract phones so I didn't have to be stuck with outdated phones. I won't mind 2 years with the One because I can't see it being outdated during that period of time. I know they inflate the price to buy a phone without a plan, but it stuns me this is $649.00 without a plan and I only paid 1 cent with the 2 year AT&T plan for $69.00 per month. More than the $35.00 I was paying with Virgin, but I think it is worth it. Music sounds great, screen is gorgeous, calls sound excellent, camera takes beautiful shots, and it is fast!! Years ago,(1998), I had an online website devoted to the development of new portables devices. It sounds nerdy, but at one time I had to carry a phone, pager, and a handheld computer for my job as an installer and trainer in commercial businesses. I knew some day we would not only have all these things and more in one device, but it would look and act like a technical work of art. The HTC One as well as other top level phones have finally hit all those marks. I look forward to getting the One set up the way I want it. I would recommend it to anyone considering getting one.This is hands down THE best phone I have ever owned. The build quality is phenomenal and it blazes. My previous phone was the Grey HTC One X (16GB AT&T) and I thought that was the bees knees but this one smokes it. I definitely am not having any feelings of regret on my choice. Pros: 32GB disk space - Coming from the 16GB One X (and the iPhone before that), I have never had the luxury of expandable space options so I forced myself to either pick and choose the music/videos I wanted to have on my phone and got into the habit of either uploading pics to Dropbox/Box.net/Google Drive or offloading them to my PC. To have the extra space is icing on the proverbial cake. Of course, because of my old habits, I'm only using about 2GB right now. I'm sure as I break it in more that'll increase, but for now, I'm good. 2GB RAM - The saying always goes that more is better, and in the case of RAM, that rings especially true. The One X, for all it's greatness, was sorely lacking in RAM at a paltry 1GB. While this sounds decent on paper, and iPhones have never needed stupid amounts of RAM to work smoothly, true multitasking requires a lot of free RAM to work properly, which sadly was not the case for my former phone. The One works beautifully in this regard. Open a link from Facebook and spend some time in your web browser and then switch back. Facebook is still there, on the same spot as before. On the One X, if you switched apps for even 5 seconds and then switched back, Facebook would reload and you'd be at the beginning of your feed again. Also, with the extra RAM, this helps keep transitions running smoothly without any stutter or freezing. While the effects are merely cosmetic, it lends a sense of speed to the UI and you appreciate just how fast it is. Build - This thing is solid. Coming from the polycarbonate-bodied One X, I really appreciate the heft and rigidness of the all-aluminum body. The One X creaked at the sections were the case met the screen and it felt like it could snap if I applied any real pressure to it. There isn't any weak points on this sucker as far as I can tell. I opted for the silver instead of black as I wanted it to really pop when out and about. That and with the placement on the dashboard, my dark One X would get super hot from the sun and I didn't want to chance that with this phone so I went with something a little more reflective. Time will tell if that was a good choice or not. Screen - Holy smokes this thing is HAWT!!! 1080p SuperLCD screen. The colors pop and the screen looks like it's literally floating at you. It's so clear and beautiful. Because it's LCD instead of AMOLED, it is really good in sunlight. Screen never looks washed out, even when on max brightness. Still tweaking it to my liking, but I have absolutely no complaints about the screen. I still think 4.7-4.8&#34; is the best size for a smartphone screen. Anything over feels comically large and anything smaller feels to squished for my fat thumbs and fingers. BoomSound Speakers - While I hate the name and feel that Beats is just increased gain and bass with no real improvement to the audio, I do love these speakers. These suckers are loud. And if you want to experience the (sadly) rare beauty that is stereo sound from a phone, you'll need to make sure the phone is held in landscape. Holding your phone in portrait only gives you the volume....but once you separate the channels, it's like a whole new world for portable music. I am very impressed with the speakers on this sucker. Cons: Volume Rocker - I do not like the way this feels. Yes, it looks pretty, but without so much as a dip or a dimple, I sometimes have no clue if I'm pressing volume up or down unless I look at my finger placement. I shouldn't have to second guess what I'm pressing. Maybe I'm just being picky, and perhaps muscle memory will set in soon and it'll become second nature, but I shouldn't second-guess what button I'm pressing. MicroUSB port placement - I'm not really understanding the offset placement of the port. I haven't done any research to see if it was a functional necessity for the internals, but to me, it's just weird to have it the port off to the right instead of dead center. Of course, I hate having the port at the bottom of the phone at all since it becomes a little cumbersome to hold while charging so what do I know? AT&T's Bloatware - This isn't a knock on the phone itself, but rather the version I purchased, which is AT&T's. They load so much garbage onto these phones that are unnecessary and superfluous and you can't completely remove them outside of rooting your phone and installing a custom ROM. You can disable them, sure, but that space is still lost. While I do like the AT&T Hotspot function (it automatically joins you to any AT&T-branded hotspot without the need for password entry or even wireless network selection, and DriveMode does have it's place in this Don't Drive and Text world we live in, there really isn't any need for CityID (Current Caller ID does a much better job without the need for a subscription), YP (ever heard of Google?) or AT&T Navigation ($9.99/mo for Navigon navigation over Google Navigation or Waze....really?). The rest (Code Scanner, Ready2Go, Locker) are no better than their (better) counterparts available on the Play Store (Ready2Go is essentially the same as the HTC Transfer Tool app) and should have just been something you could choose to install instead of forcing it on you. Other thoughts: IR-Blaster in the power button - While, to me, this is a gimmicky inclusion that I'll most likely never use past the initial setup and trial, I still question the placement of the blaster in the power button. If you were to place this in a case that completely covers the power button, you've just rendered it inoperable. Yes, using a case would render it inoperable regardless, but perhaps that should be a testament of NOT including an IR-Blaster on a $600 phone. It's a phone, not a remote. Also, because the button is a moveable part, it does run the risk of damage, which could break the Blaster as well. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I prefer Samsung's solution on the S4 to this one. MicroUSB port clearance - Not sure if this is a design defect or feature, but my port feels really tight and I have to muscle in my MicroUSB cord into the port to get it to connect. I've never run into this on any other Android devices I've owned and I don't know if anyone else experiences this, but it is a little unnerving how hard I have to push/pull on the plug to connect/disconnect. I will note that cables other than the one provided in the box are a little easier to insert and remove, and the HTC-provided cord's holding prongs are definitely stronger than your generic cord, there is still an awful lot of resistance in the port itself. Of course, this could be a blessing as it is definitely much less likely that a cord will fall out, but the pessimist in me also notes that if someone were to trip on or snag the cord, it's almost a given it'll yank the phone onto the floor with no qualms. Final thoughts Hands down, this phone is amazing. I've only had it for a little over 4 days, but I can definitely see myself sticking with this for the next 2 years of my contract. Now, to unlock, root, and install ViperOne! Muihahahaha!!!I purchased this phone for my dad for Father's Day this year, and couldn't be more happy with the purchase. My dad is rather technologically challenged, and this was his first smartphone. That being said, I was really worried about getting him set up to use the phone. Luckily the great software was pretty easy for him to get used to, and he loves the picture quality and overall premium feel of the phone.I have the One, my wife has the One Mini. We both love our phones; HTC did a fantastic job.I own the black version of this ATT HTC Phone. The screen is the best I have ever seen, much better than the iphone 5s. I love the design of this phone. It is so slim and the unibody aluminum body is the best. The dual front speakers are excellent. Software is fast and butter smooth. Very fast and I love the Blinkfeed feature for my news and facebook. I would recommend this phone over the galaxy s4. Pros: Best screen out of all phones Best unibody aluminum design (better than apples aluminum iPhone 5s body) Best sound from front dual speakers Very fast phone Very smooth software Excellent multitasking switcher Built in remote to control Home Theater, AC Unit, Etc.. Cons: Camera is good but not as good the iPhone 5s and Galaxy S4.My daughter has never owned a phone before so her father got her the HTC One. She absolutely loves! Its fast and simple, smooth, all the kids compliment it! It was worth the money, now she is in 8th grade and she cant survive with out it! Clear pictures, its simple, has extra stuff in it that other phones dont! Its amazing! She loves it and the HTC One is for her.I came from a long line of iPhones, iPhone 2.3g, 3gs, 4, 4s, which I all loved, and then I got this phone. I do not miss my iPhone at all, this phone does all that it did, but is more customizable. And I love the large beautiful screen, and great speakers. The new iPhones 5c and 5s just came out, but I am still very happy with my HTC one. The only thing I would say is the 4 megapixel camera, I wish it was 8 or more, I realize it is supposed to be better, but to me, it is ok but prefer the other kind.HTC one is talked up alot. The lives up to all the expectations. I know this is not important to some but turns on super quick.Came from iPhone 4S couldn't be happier with this phone. I can do everything I did on the iPhone and more!I love the phone will have to sit down and learn how to use it more. This is so much better than the Iphone. I can't wait to use the apps.works great. no cracked screen or the camera cover. no issue with sensitivity even after the screen protector. only down side is battery. it's not too bad, but with heavy use, it will die on you within 8 hrs. with just normal use making calls, browsing net here and there.. it will last 2 days.Completely happy with my HTC One purchase. I've now used an iPhone, a Windows phone and this Android, and I can state without hesitation that the HTC One is the superior choice.A lot has been written about the One. I have used mine for almost 3 months now and feel ready to write something about what it's like to use it day to day. The model I have is the 64gb black. I recommend paying up for the extra storage since the screen is so good you'd want to watch lots of content on it, memory isn't expandable and HTC charges a reasonable $60 for the extra 32gb . I believe the smartphone as a device is moving away from specs (everyone can easily get the best components because of outsourcing), towards form factor. This is the way every maturing product goes. Eg. You don't pay 100x more for a Patek because it tells time better, nor a Birkin because it carries more things. We do so because it looks much better and feels much better while using it. Well, these are the same things that make the HTC one different. It is by far the most beautiful smartphone I have ever seen and the one that feels best in my hands. It has become a personal effect that I have come to identify with, much like a pen or watch. Except a whole lot cheaper. Does it have shortcomings? For sure. The camera isn't great. The battery life could be better. But in the absence of a perfect phone (the iPhone screen is too small, Samsung too plasticky, blackberry too app-less), I choose the one with the best form factor. Interestingly, most of the friends I know who are true tech people, eg tech analysts or guys working in Google, etc. Use HTC. That is a strong statement. I just wish HTC as a firm would stop its internal fighting and go back to focusing on making great products. Not many have competed against Apple and Samsung and survived!This is a really amazing phone, it looks elegant as the silver metal body draws compliments, the screen is large and really sharp, the sound from the front-facing speakers is full and loud. The included in-ear headphones have good bass. The One has top-end specs, operates lag free and should be relatively future-proof as it has 4G and 2 gb RAM. Didn't think I'd like the blink-feed but it proves fun to browse while waiting in line. Battery life is really good, easily lasts a full day with moderate / heavy use, especially w/ the power saving option turned on I only need charge every 1.5 days. The One doesn't have a removable battery or SD card slot, but I've never had to change batteries before on previous phones and the S4 can only run apps off it's limited internal memory anyways. Camera shutter speed is really fast, barely any lag capturing and it's great for lower light indoor shots, however in ideal conditions the photos aren't quite as sharp as some other phones. The front-facing camera is useful but the quality is lacking. Overall, aside from the camera, it's an outstanding phone and definitely one of the best phones of the year.I had the Iphone 5 before I decided to purchase the HTC One and once I received HTC One I realized this was a much better phone. The appearance is excellent as well as the software!There could be no better one than the HTC One. Hardware, video, battery - it is the best Android phone you can get and I love it thorough. I recommend it wholly and totally. No regrets!enjoying my HTC one, its a nice upgrade from my galaxy 2, really like the screen size and the beats audio.. the camera is good but i was expecting a bit more either that or i havnt tweaked it correct yet will see as i keep messing with my phone.. overall really enjoying it..This thing is fast and loud. Had it a couple months and 0 issues. Did I mention it was fast? The battery lasts me almost two days with everything turned on. Great phone.Pros: very fast, customizable, beautiful screen, plenty of memory for my use, battery life Con: small gap in top of phone where the glass meets the body (zero-gap construction???) the camera has a steep learning curve. Snapping quick, good quality photos on the run isn't likely with this phone camera due to the constant need to adjust the settings. Having used Apple products almost exclusively, I am not bothered by the lack of removable battery. Once I adjusted the settings, I find I get great battery life. Even after transferring my music library I have plenty of memory available, however, my video library is stored on my iPad.This is by far the best phone I have ever owned and I've had some pretty good ones. I upgraded after last year's One X and this one improves on that one in every area. It's the most solid and best phone on the market and the one software feature that worried me the most (the Blinkfeed) is actually one of my favorite features on this phone. HTC has done a superb job distancing themselves from some of their past failures.The camera is great just maybe if it was 8 ultrapixels it woulda been perfect and the ability to remove Blinkfeed would have been nice too. Other than all of that the phone is perfect.This is phone is so beautiful that I am in love with it! Its difficult to beat this phone in any department. Exterior design is very sexy and very sharp. Screen is awesome. Audio quality is perhaps best in any phone. If you use your phone for entertainment majority of the time, this the phone for you. HTC did good job with Sense 5. Its pretty intuitive. I also like the TV app, that lets you control your TV and reminds you of your favorite programs. Overall a great great phone! True companion. Coming from iPhone, I found this phone to be slightly larger in size than I am used to but I am beginning to appreciate the advantages of larger size. HTC One still feels comfortable in hands. I don't regret a bit moving from iPhone to this phone. Do yourself a favor. Go and buy one. You will not be disappointed.guys the build quality on this phone is just unbelievable! The unibody aluminum design makes this phone feel like a true technological acheivement of our time. The specs on this thing back those claims up. All in all i would seriously recommend this phone to the serious gamer or the average adult!This is an amazing phone- software runs without any lag, the screen is crisp and bright and the sound must be experienced to be believed. The camera takes better low light photos without a flash than most take with a flash. The flash also works well, and the included picture editing software works well and rapidly on the phone. Absolutely everyone that sees it is amazed by the build quality- most Apple fans instantly assume it is the latest from Apple. This is a piece of equipment that looks like it is worth the several hundred dollars it would cost without a carrier subsidy. Unlike many other people, I am not impressed by Blinkfeed- in fact I hate it. There should be an option to turn it off- which there is not- but fortunately you can banish it by installing another launcher (I used the excellent Nova Launcher) and customize to your heart's content. BTW on customization- there is an option to disable applicattions in the applications setting- meaning you can banish carrier bloatware from your app drawer. (It is still on the hpone, but hidden and not running) The signature clock widget of HTC and their weather widget wallpaper and lock screeen are elegant and functional. I did find that the selection of colors for the keyboard (black with a lighter grey for the shift/alt keys) did not provide enough contrast for me to see well, so I installed a 3rd party keyboard and predictive text program as well (Touchpal Keyboard which has many themes & colors allowing for high visibility in the keyboard. The phone comes with a well thought out car application that provides for safe operation in a vehicle- calls are announced, texts are read and voice control is included. If HTC just allowed Blinkfeed to be banished as well I would say this phone approached perfection.I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S4 with my Verizon upgrade. Finally replacing the Motorola Droid Bionic that had been rooted to ICS and maintained itself for years as my main phone. 3 days with the S4 and I hated it. All the gimmicky stuff was very &#34;Beta&#34; and I just disabled it all. The phone was flat and wide and cheap feeling. I took it back and decided to leave Verizon because the ONE felt really awesome in the hand. This thing is LIGHTNING fast, feels like a large iPhone in terms of a real quality build. Blinkfeed is actually a useful &#34;Gimmick&#34; - I scroll through it every day, several times to see top tweets, FB posts and topics I enabled from around the web. Speakers are amazing. I don't need it to be full blast to actually hear the music in apps or the person on speaker phone. I'm almost tempted to sell my Nexus 7 as this phone is as fast and does everything just as well. I have it equipped with a ArmorSuit full body skin for around the house and I slip on the OtterBox commuter when I'm traveling.I posted this review on the international version of this phone before the ATT version became available, but since my HTC One version is the ATT, I decided to post it here with a few modifications. I have also added pictures taken with the HTC One to the image gallery: 2012 was the year of the smartphone for 3 big companies: Apple, Samsung and Google. The iphone 5 was about the best looking phone ever made with a solid operating system and excellent support. The Galaxy 3 stole the spotlight with terrific commercials and a solid contender with Apple. And Google released the best phone, in my humble opinion, ever made until that point. The nexus 4 was and is cheap for just $300, receives upgrades from google directly, and is quite simply a stunner. Last year, however, the HTC One X was also released if you didn't know, and it was second best only to the Nexus 4. It had a terrific screen, great build quality even though it was plastic, and it was just a thin slab of sexiness that slid into your pocket easily with the best camera of all phones mentioned above. Yet, nobody knew about it. This year, it seems people are hearing about HTC, and Apple and Samsung will have to fight one more company to take the spot of best smartphone. In my view they failed last year as google offered a phone that was for the first time the best mobile experience ever put on the palms of your hands. This year, the HTC One has taken that place from google. The HTC One is quite simply stunning in and out. First thing I did was put an invisible shield to prevent any scratches and keep its metal body ever intact (something I do to all my phones since I don't use a case, and more importantly, I never drop these guys). Design: Google took the experience from apple, but apple kept the design hat. This year HTC takes the design to a whole new level. No phone ever looked this good. It's just the right amount of heavy to make it solid, the right amount of curvature to sit on the palm of your hand, and the right amount of beauty and industrial design. The word Stunning can't be used enough here. The speakers are obviously for audio, but they simply add to the art in a way no other phone has done before. It's a work of industrial art that puts every iPhone model to shame. Experience: Matches the iPhone point by point and offers MORE. Home screens, Facebook integration, widgets, and a whole new home screen where you get news and all of your social information in one place. For those of you who use flipboard heavily as I do, it's the same great interface to give you just the right amount of news whenever you need it. As a news junkie, it's ever appreciated. If you don't need it, just ignore it to the side. But it doesn't hurt to have Facebook set up so you can easily see what's happening in your social circles. Within 1 minute of set up, I had close to 52GB of music available to stream and save from google play music (a free service BTW on every android phone), within 10 minutes I paid my bill at Duane Read using the phone as a wallet, and within 30 minutes I had taken the best shot I have ever taken with a mobile phone. The user interface for those who don't know is Sense. Sense 5? Maybe? It's fast, capable of handling widgets as well as google's unadulterated vanilla android on the Nexus 4, and is quite simple. But don't mistake that for a lack of options like the iPhone's simplicity. It is still android and all the options are there. It outdoes Samsung's touchwiz, and apple's outdated IOS which is obviously the same interface from 2007. I like this as much as the vanilla android on the nexus 4, and like it even more due to blinkfeed. The only thing I miss is the ability to add lockscreen apps, but that's coming soon (we hope). A good part of the user experience is UPDATES. Apple and google own this sector with outstanding updates. Google more so since their updates are actually useful. HTC plainly sucks. Here is hoping they will update the heck out of this phone, and force carriers, especially ATT to push out updates. Don't let this be another htc one x where we wait 7 months for a released update. If not, support carrier versions and push out updates themselves. Give me a link and let me download and install updates without my carrier. Or is that contractually not possible? Screen: Best screen on any phone. 1080P. It rules them all, and outdoes the HTC One X from last year. This is the whole phone experience, and having this kind of a screen just makes the phone a pleasure to use. Comparing this screen with the iPhone 5 just shows how much apple needs a larger screen more than ever. It is simply impossible for me to use my iphone after using the HTC One as you feel absolutely constrained when reading webpages, looking at pictures, etc. Puts last year's Samsung S3 to shame. It's quite a stark difference. Camera: The camera here is a fantastic shooter. Don't be alarmed at the 4MP factor. The images have terrific resolution, excellent color, and fantastic low light resolution. What worries most buyers is the detail presence due to 4MP, and if you're planning to print out huge posters, then this is not the camera to be used. If you want memories, at any time of the day, recorded with great clarity, then this camera offers the best balance between light resolution and detail possible right now (in a smartphone that is), especially if you have an active night life. The resolution and clarity of night pictures is just, again, Stunning. Speakers: I wasn't as blown away by the speakers as others were. They are the loudest speakers of any phone or tablet I've tried most certainly, but I'm waiting for the day when the backside of a phone will be a massive speaker that truly reproduces music similar to a stand alone speaker. But just for the advance in speaker and sound quality, this is another move in the right direction, much like the camera. Sound quality: The iPhone 4 and Nexus 4 to date have the best sound quality of any phone I've ever used (I hear the International S3 has a Wolfson Dac, but I never had the chance of trying it out, so no comments). The HTC One sounds quite similar to the IPhone 4 in sound quality and that is a great factor for audio aficionados. The HTC beats enhancement just doesn't cut it for me, so I installed my own EQ app to adjust as I pleased, and the sound is just the sweet spot of clarity and dynamic range. Capable of driving over the ear AudioTechnicas M50 very well. These are all subjective remarks, hopefully someone will be doing some actual measurements on the HTC One soon. But these remarks should put some people at ease. This phone is not google's nexus 7 tablet with its terrible, anemic sound quality. No need to worry about that here. Battery: Big enough for a day of work, but fails in comparison the upcoming S4 and Motorolla's droid razor max hd. It will provide enough juice to power through 13 hours of work. A full charge the night before, plus stand by and a whole day of work totals about 20 hours of continuous use. Install juice protector and enjoy your battery last longer. Conclusion: Outdoes every phone released in 2012 by a mile. Sexy, stunning design matched by a beautiful streamlined interface. It's perhaps corny to say this, since it's overly used, but this is the BEST phone I have ever used. I don't think apple will match it this year with the same design iPhone 5s that seems hollow and fragile when compared to the HTC One, and same old icon interface. Much the same, Samsung apears to have followed Apple's lead and released an S4 that deserves the title S3s, since it's more of a continuation of a well established brand. But the same cheap build quality continues in a trade off for removable battery and micro SD. Something Blackberry seems to have managed in a better fashion. Their phone accomplishes the same with a better build quality. The only company that seems to be hiding the game is google, and theirs may be the contender with the HTC One for title of best smartphone of 2013. The HTC One is missing a removable battery and a micro SD slot which they make up for by charging you $199 under contract for 32GB, instead of apple's outrageous $299. In my view, it doesn't detract from the experience one bit, just like it didn't from the Nexus 4. I feel quite comfortable using the HTC One as my only phone and have already passed most of my devices forward with the exception of the Nexus 4. And depending on google's move, if they don't include LTE this year, the Htc One will be the only phone I'll be using all year long. And gladly so. What a phone. Update 1: The 4MP camera on this phone has far surpassed my expectations. The photos look vibrant, the colors look realistic and the night shots are quite simply stunning. Check out some of the photos in the images section. I am also getting upwards of 13-20 hours of battery life on the HTC One, and have also posted screenshots of the power section to the gallery. Update 2: ATT versions of this phone are lagging behind the international versions in terms of software updates. International versions are being updated to 1.29, meanwhile ATT is still on 1.26. The newer firmware fixes camera problems with overexposure and improves image quality. It also fixes an intermittent issue with the home and back buttons not responding for some amount of time. Problems I'm facing daily, but that don't detract very much from the experience. I will remove a star from this review depending on how long ATT takes to update these phones since it's their responsibility to update software. If you're facing unresponsive back and home buttons, simple shut your screen on and off and they'll resume operating correctly,Background Purchased this device at an AT&T store on April 18th even though release date was scheduled for the next day. Replacing my Samsung Galaxy S3. Pros: Build quality - Superb.Feels like you are holding a real device, not some cheap plastic toy. I personally prefer this type of material over the S3's plastic feel. Software - Sense is sitting on top of Android. This version of Sense is much better than previous versions as it is less intrusive. Hits all the right marks. Battery - Not the best, but better so far than my S3. I have three email accounts and blink feed running on this thing all day long so I do not expect much. I figure I get about 5-6 hours without a recharge with normal use. I expected more but I can live with it. Note: You cannot remove the battery. Call Quality - Excellent. No issues at all. People on other end sound great and they say I sound close to like I am on a land line. Screen - Wonderful. Bright, colorful, no flaws. Good in sunlight. Blinkfeed - I like it, others hate it. You cant turn it off fully, but you can change your home screen to something else. I think it is cool and convenient. It is a battery drain though. Limit the amount of info you want and it should help battery a bit. Cons: Camera - Not a huge fan, but it is very good for a 4 MP camera. They call it Ultrapixel or something like that. Do not get me wrong, it is not the least bit a bad camera, it is just not the best. the iPhone and S4 from what I have seen and heard are a bit better. No expanded storage - For some this is an issue. For me, not at all. 32 GB is more than enough for me. Volume rocker - small gripe for me, but the volume control is on the opposite side of the phone compared to what I am used to. It is taking some time to get used to. Final Verdict: Overall this phone is the best phone available on the market. I have always liked HTC phones, and this one is no exception. It beats the S4 hands down and is better than the iPhone, at least now. Some will say the S4 is better, bigger, faster, has a removable battery and a much better camera. I much prefer this quality built, well thought out device over the S4 and the iPhone. Highly recommended.I was a happy BlackBerry Bold user for years until my IT group announced they would stop supporting and I had to go shopping. I got the HTC ONE and would never go back. This thing is awesome ! Pros: - Sleek look with a vivid screen, - Very fast performance, and excellent connectivity. - Rock solid operation. No crashes. - Super camera. Effects software that comes loaded is cool. - Excellent user interface, and touchpad word guesser. - Good battery life, easily lasts through an intensive day of business use, or an average weekend for me, Cons: - The soft menu button is a little too close to the period button causing some accidental email exits, but it saves a copy and goes straight back quickly. You won't regret this phone. 5 Stars imoI love this phone. I just activated a stealth black HTC One from AT&T. The black matte finish looks amazing and helps highlight the high resolution screen. I have used all the iPhones, Samsung Galaxy SIII, and HTC One X, among others. This is definitely my favorite phone. Pros: - Aluminum build is top notch quality. - Beautiful high-rez screen. Think of your big HD screen in a small package. Great color reproduction - Phone is very smooth in scrolling and animations. - Quad-core makes the phone very responsive and helps int the smooth feeling - Camera produces very good lower light pictures than most any other phone camera i've used. - IR blaster - use your phone as a remote. Works with TVs, Receivers, Cable Boxes, and DVRs - LTE - Have tested between 23Mbps and 63Mbps download speeds. Of course, this can vary greatly depending on location and network. - Front-facing stereo speakers sound good Cons: Not many cons so far, and those I can come up with are minor- - No Android menu button means extra taps, etc. to get to settings - Comes with 4.1 instead of 4.2 - Front-facing stereo speakers can be a bit loud if you're not used to it. Comments: I personally like Sense 5 (HTC's overlay) with BlinkFeed. It won't please everyone, but I actually am getting to like it. Some have complained about the buttons being too recessed, but I like it that way. Very little accidental volume up/down hits.I've been iphone user for over 5 years. HTC One is my first android smartphone. I wanted a the larger screen phone. That was only reason to switch. Huge mistake! Purchased HTC one brand new from retail. Battery life really, really, really sucks. It was fully charged at 100% the night before, then I removed the charger; next day morning, it's got 85% left. I called at&t, got an replacement. After two month of usage, second HTC one had 30% battery power left one night; next day morning, phone was completely shut off with 0% battery power in it. called at&t again, second replacement (phone #3) is on the way. don't have much hope on this one. counting the days when my two year contract is up. One thing certain: NOT going to buy any HTC phone ever.HTC One M7 is a pretty good phone that combines all the features of previous models. I previously had an HTC One X and it worked fine but had issues with the blutooth system. But it appears that they have cleared up these problems with this model. This HTC has a 4.7-inch touchscreen display with Full HD resolution (1920 x 1080 pixels. The phone looks well made and durable. Here are some of the more technical specs for the phone: Processor - 1.7 GHz quad-core processor Internal storage - 32 GB RAM - 2 GB Rear camera - HTC UltraPixel Camera with BSI sensor 2.0 Front camera - 2.1-megapixel; captures Full HD 1080p video Size Dimensions - 2.7 x 5.4 x 0.37 inches (WxHxD) Weight - 5 ounces Battery Life - Up to 19 hours Thank you for reading my review.I just LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone! And I like AT&T service, because they have the best when it comes to voice clarity and calls not cutting out. However, I am glad that I got this factory unlocked, because I did NOT want a contract to deal with. AT&T's contracts are 2 years long, and you end up paying a LOT more than if you just buy the darn phone and be FREE of contracts altogether. I would buy this phone again. I had an iphone and I was not impressed as I am with this phone. In fact, this was the phone I had originally picked out, not knowing anything about smartphones at the time, and the representative at AT&T told me to get an iphone instead. I should NOT have listened to her! I should have gotten the one I wanted, because I ended up having to get out of the contract that I could NOT afford, and sell the iphone to help pay off the large cancellation fee.... so I ended up losing more money than what I paid to buy THIS phone (the one I really wanted) and it was NOT worth losing almost $500!! I LOVE this phone!!This phone is very impressive. I'm not an android phone fan, but I wanted to try this to see if I could be convinced to leave windows phone. The overall screen size, screen clarity, speed, sound, and battery life is outstanding. The camera could be improved though. In the end I was still unimpressed with android. Nothing against the phone. I gave it to a family member that I knew would appreciate it.Simply the best in all respects. Easy to use, sound quality extraordinary, quick page loading, brilliant display, full featured camera. Recommended without reservation.This is my 3rd HTC phone, and they just keep getting better. Very easy to navigate. So many features and I am still learning.My only knock is that integration into an all Microsoft ecosystem (MS Exchange, etc...) is inferior on Android to Windows Phone. But otherwise, love the quality and performance of the phone itself.I have had many phones from I phones to androids and this is by far the best phone that I have ever owned.I was an iphone user and decided to try an android so went with the HTC One. The very first weekend I had it I was getting out of my car and it slipped right out of my pocket to the driveway and put a single crack across the glass. I am kicking myself for not getting some additional coverage for that now. The display on this phone is phenomenal compared to the iphone 5 I had. The battery life isn't very good, if I don't use it much I can get through 1 day, if I use it a little heavier I end up needing to charge it by the afternoon. The camera worked great when I first got it and did for almost 1 year. Now it has a yellowish tint to the pictures. I suspect I set some setting that changed this but I haven't been able to figure out what I set. The display alone is worth it regardless of the battery life and now camera issues I am having.Great size, great display and features However I have had the speaker go out 3 times in 3 months. I do not use this for music or movies. I have been without this phone for 4 weeks ( sent in for repairs) during the 3 months since I bought it. Very disappointing! the finish is wearing/chipping off as well. this is the worst phone I have ever owned. I am not hard on them either. Never dropped and always in a case.HTC hit it out of the park with this one. I've never been a fan of their phones in the past because of reliability issues and their sense software was pretty bad. This phone is incredible. Build is wonderful. No case for about 6 months and it doesn't have a scratch. Design is beautiful. Screen is gorgeous. Camera Is hit or miss. It takes some truly beautiful photos sometimes. Other times they are awful. I like the idea of the ultrapixel camera but the technology has a ways to go. I love the wide angle lenses. You can capture quite a bit in a shot. The camera software is the best I've used. Adds a lot of useful features without making it complicated. On the software side sense 5 is hands down the best version of Android available. I even prefer it to stock android that comes on nexus devices. Adds a ton of utility while keeping it simple and fast/smooth as anything. The snapdragon 600 inside is more than enough to handle anything you throw at it. By far one of the fastest phones I've used, with the exception of the nexus 5. I didn't mention the speakers. They are everything their reputation suggests. Highest quality audio I've ever heard out of a phone. Could be a smidge louder, but I really can't complain since they're already louder than about everything out there. Also the fact that they face forward makes SO MUCH SENSE. Battery life is good as long as power saver is on. It's just okay without it. I only have 2 complaints. 1 is the button setup. It's awful. 2 capacitive keys doesn't make any sense. There are currently 4 actions bound to my home key. Tap, double tap, hold and swipe up. No logic in that. The other is the pre-installed AT&T garbage. There are like 15 apps that you can't uninstall. Most can be disabled but really? I wont use pay to use AT&T navigation over free Google maps. There are tons like that. And they add more with every update. I hate it. Not really a fault with the phone but the carrier. To sum it up, I will be an HTC customer for a long time. If you're on the line, buy this phone. You won't regret it.the phone is amazing, I switched from an iPhone 4 and I am really not regretting switchingto android with this phone. HTC did a wonderful job of making a sleek and sexy phone with all of the features I expect a phone to have these days and plenty more. blinkfeed saves my sanity by giving me all of the information I want without going through the hassle of opening up an app and signing in for it. The only downside of the phone is the battery, it isn't extremely terrible but switching from an iPhone that could last me 2 days minimum is kind of rough, My HTC One lasts me almost a day unless im really using it. It also has a powersaver feature that I have used a few times but I have only put it on when im using the phone a lot, it saves a few percent by conserving CPU Power, reducing screen brightness, turning off vibration, putting your data connection to sleep when the screen is off. My real fix for this is just to carry my charger with me to work and if I need to use my phone intensively I just plug it in. I would recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't forget to charge there phone every night.Great phone.. it does so much, flawlessly. I really can't believe I only paid a penny. I don't know what else to say!I cannot say enough good things about this great phone. I have had a whole lot of phones through the years and the HTC One is by far the best yet. The 4.7 inch, Full HD 1080p, 468 PPI display is beyond perfect. It is a pleasure to look at and use. Smooth and fast with plenty of features for everyone. The camera is really good in low light and takes great pictures. As for gaming there is nothing that will not run at top speed. I got mine free from AT&T and have to say I am extremely impressed to say the least!As an average routine smart phone user I have my views on opting for this HTC One phone as under. Overall size & screen display not too big or too small, very convenient to carry around & access modern phone futures as and when needed with quick response. Picture, video & specifically audio quality is much better especially on call quality which is more important in my view when one needs to use this as one of the it&#8217;s dedicated function. While using this for texting, it has option for key board with dedicated cursor keys, where it becomes easier to move the cursor at a place where one needs it; instead of trying tapping & making more miss. Other remarkable thing I opted for this phone of HTC is, still it has option to bring in, on screen display of customizing widget with larger digital clock as it was kind of routine in predecessors of HTC series giving easy access to have glance at current time/temperature, along with blink feed screen if one like to make as one of the home screen in addition. Battery life found to be a OK with average usage of routine smart phone functions along with accessing web, altogether for about two to three hours in the span of about 12 hours; not getting drained so fast. Please bear in the mind that I am using this phone for almost just a month or so and not a very extensive user of the phone. But overall in above period of time, I like this phone for above features plus its light weight with steel body & convenient of handling as well accessing the smart phone futures faster as an average user.I LOVE MY NEW PHONE!! I switched from my Iphone. The HTC One, is faster, bigger and so much more customizable then the iphone ever was! I highly recommend the HTC One!!!Very fast and customizable. I use Nova launcher instead of sense5. I can then have more icons on a screen, a nexus look, quicker animations, and no blinkfeed. yet I keep features like ZOE. the feel is great, it makes every other phone feel cheap. It can survive a fall on it's face. my feel out of my car door face down on cement- only a small scratch on the metal speaker- glass is perfect still. the metal back is very slipper, be extra careful in dress pants. I use a fancy dualpro case now, it makes it much more grippy.. great sound quality. sometimes a little too loud. headphones were included, they sound good, not as good as my sony's though. This phone has the best screen I've ever seen. ever. Full HD in a super small space. it's good in dark and bright light too. call quality is fine, I haven't had dropped calls. IR blaster is pretty cool. button placement is okay, it takes a little getting used to. Camera images are low resolution, they can't really be zoomed in on, but they look good and it works okay in low light. auto focus is a little intense, it tries a bit too hard with focal length and exposure. the task manager takes a bit of getting used to, it's fine though and pretty quick. Hopefully the 4.4 firmware update will come soon. Really, any software con can be fixed with 3rd party apps. slippery back and low pixel camera are my only cons with this phone- it's fantastic.I had the previous HTC version (Inspire) for several years with out any issues before the HTC One and I still like HTC, I think they make a good product.I like blink feed Speakers are awesome Feel of the phone and size is really nice. Th&eacute; posstive revieves of this phone are accurate.Everything about this phone is great including display, screen size, battery life, processor speed, 4G and Beats Audio (acts like icing on the cake) !! Go for it ...This more than met my expectations!! Amazon is great for customers finding deals that live up to high standards with virtually no risk to the consumer!!I've gone through so many phones it's ridiculous. Before getting this one, I went through two GS3s in a month. Both of them fell out of my lap getting out of the car and shattered instantly. From that point on, I decided that I couldn't afford or want a phone that fragile. Upon contract renewal I began reading up on the HTC One. The first thing that really grabbed my attention was the fact that each unit was machine cut for something like 2 hours; therefore, I could check durability off my list. Next, I looked at the specs and bloatware. I've owned HTC phones before and most of them have been great, with the exception of a couple bad ones. This had top-of-the-line specs, and an interesting pivot on the camera as most smart phone cameras emphasize megapixels. This only had a 2-something MP camera, but had a f2.8 lens. I'm an avid photographer whose main frustration with cell phone cameras is their poor ability to shoot in low light. I concluded that it was a compromise worth making. Lastly, the battery life reviews were great. The GS3 had such poor battery life, I felt like I, myself, was tethered to a MicroUSB. When I actually first got a hold of the phone I knew it was a keeper. One of the things I realized that I didn't like about the Galaxy phones was their curved body which made typing hard. The rectangular nature of the One made typing easier (after installing Swiftkey of course). I immediately got rid of the HTC Sense dashboard and opted for a more traditional Android experience. Boy is this phone fast. I've owned it for almost a year now and it still hums along; obviously, not quite as well as when I first got it, but I have no complaints. The camera actually did not live up to the hype and my phone suffers from a common defect where there is a blue hue when shooting. I tried to mitigate this by adjusting the exposure lower and tweaking some other settings but it is an average camera phone at best. One of the more random things I like about this phone is the Beats by Dre mode and phone speakers. It kind of was a revelation that sometimes when a feature that you don't want is so useful and well-developed that it actually becomes a competitive advantage. I constantly find myself listening to podcasts and music on this and feel that the quality is much better than any other phone I've owned. The battery life is still pretty good but I really wish they had a removable battery. The body is really amazing and stays relatively wear-free unless you are really rough on your phones. I haven't tried the new phones out, but I can tell you this, you won't be disappointed if you get this one. And BONUS - it has free mobile hotspot capabilities which come in handy when you need to get that last minute email out when you're in a cab or car.Only real complaint is they put the headphone jack on the top of the phone! I don't have bluetooth in my car, so I always have the aux jack plugged in for music, podcasts, etc, and now the wire protrudes from the top of the phone and runs down to the center console. Extremely awkward. I guess a top mounted jack works for folks who keep their phone in a holster at their waist and listens thru wired headphones, but really? Another thing, the message notification volume is now directly tied to the phone ringtone/ringer volume. Not cool, as typically I like my text notifications much quieter than a phone call. Otherwise, phone is fast, display is awesome, HTC has cleaned up the music player (I had the HTC Inspire previously), and the email interface is much improved.This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. It is very intuitive to use. The RF transmitter that allows it to be used as a TV remote is fantastic (with two small children, I'm not always sure where our remote control has gone to, but I pretty much always know where my phone is). Taking pictures and video is quick and easy with some slick editing options. The sound produced by the speakers is incredible and the screen is absolutely beautiful. I've often found myself watching videos and content on the phone rather than the iPad that is close at hand. I've also become a fan of blink feed. It's a great way to get caught up with current news and keeps me connected to what is going on with my friends.I had a Iphone4 and I wanted to change to an Android phone with a big screen. After investigation, HTC one and Samsung Galaxy S4 are the two choices. I don't like the appearance of S4 personally especially its plastic case. In comparison, HTC one is really beautiful and elegant. Screen display is very sharp and bright. 32g internal memory is as twice as Iphone and S4, so I never worry about storage as I used to be using Iphone. By the way, it is easy to use. One thing I noticed is that HTC one Wifi is not as stable as Iphone when you switch from 4G to Wifi or from one Wifi to another Wifi. It takes several seconds to get to good signal.I had the first generation Note prior to this. It was a nice phone, but I have to say the performance of this, the beautiful screen and most of all...the incredible sound that comes from the front-facing speakers...all add up quite a package. Nice surprises: - beautiful design that feels well-built and looks great...feels good in hand - Infrared blaster built into the power button can learn other remotes - Camera performance is great and fast! - Different editing features for photos are fun and some are useful - Gaming performance is great - Call quality is good Other Notes: - There is no multi-tasking app button, you have to tap the home button twice instead...it's not so bad once you get used to it - Power button is in a weird spotMy phone prior to this was a HTC inspire 4g, which I loved. This is a great piece. Looks great, fast, really sharp. I am still learning all the new stuff, app menus are a little strange imo. My only issues so far is that phone has the built-in storage. My computer is having trouble recognizing the device, :( other than that, I love this phone!Really fast. Some complaints: The power button is in a weird place. I usually need to hands to get to it, due to the phone's size. Battery life seems short when I play games. When I'm on power saver mode and turn the brightness down, it still runs out fast. I guess these games just take a lot out of the phone's juice. Other than that, it's awesome.I got this phone on thanks giving. Its touch is very good and camera is dam good. Its very good phone.Really nice smartphone with good speakers excellent screen resolution & good battery life. Best value for the price. Still reviewing the features.HTC has stepped it up with this phone. I have had the phone a little over a week and have been very impressed with the phone. First it stays charge. There are several times in the past week I didn't have to charge it until the next day even though I was using it like normal (texts, snapchatting, facebooking, games) Perfect phone for me!A lot has been written about this phone. I love it, but wish that I'd gotten the unlocked version so I wouldn't have to wait for AT&T to load KitKat onto the phone. The volume, in my opinion, is LOUD. Even on the lowest setting, it's too loud for my office. The bloatware is there, but so far, hasn't interfered with the performance of the phone. I love this thing.buying something other than an apple or samsung could be a good experience - was my thought earlier.. and am so happy that I was proved wrong with this phone. sound quality is superb.. battery life is great and and the touch on the screen is super light weight.I really like this phone, especially the sound. Pictures and videos aren't all that great, though. And it doesn't have ideal functionality, so it's a little harder to use but other than that, it is a great phone.Great features, solid feel, easy to use, love the camera and speakers. This is the best phone I've ever had.This phone is really great and I'd recommend it to anyone whose looking for an upgrade that will suffice all needsThis is a simple review. I am an HTC fan with my previous phone being the HTC Inspire 4G. As time for an upgrade approached I though it would be good to update to a phone that was faster and had better sound. Unfortunately, to get a better speaker I didn't think I had to give up the WiFi. Yes, it does have wifi, but barely. I have to be within feet of an access point to connect. Matter of fact, while I sit at my desk writing this, and my main wireless router only a few feet away, I only have 1Mbps connection. I can line up the rest of the family's phones next to it and they have strong connections. I sent the phone in to have the WiFi looked and it came back with no change. Now, I am stuck with it, including that fact that now it eats into my data plan. I never had this problem before on any phone. If this is normal for this phone, I don't understand where the positive reviews come from. Note: it does process faster and when connected to 4Glte, it's awesome. Matter of fact, I found myself turning off the Wifi at times because the connection is so bad, I don't get anything and it won't switch back to the 4G.great mobile. love all the features and app choices. its brilliant and i love it. Android phones rock! I am happy with this one.So much phone, Does much more than I expected- Through Amazon saved lots of $$$. Beautiful case. Voice to text , Beats speakers,Thia phone is a good example of a modern well made cell phone. It is very well made. It feels solid. I think it is as well made as any phone I have ever owned.I love my phone I figure something new out about almost every day. The front speakers are great. I just love this phone all around a great phoneLove the phone. Its super fast compared to my old phone. The beats audio quality is very good. Only complain is the sleep and volume control button could have been little enhanced. I have to press it hard to use them.The build quality is good, and I like the physical design of the phone. I hate Blinkfeed, and I strongly dislike HTC's choice to ignore the conventional button setup for Android.This phone is awesome, bottom line. The battery lasts a full day with moderate use, the processor is fast, the camera and camera features are great, and it is a beautiful phone. There are tons of reviews online that go over how great this phone is. My main criticism is the apparent lack of quality control. The first HTC One I received could not take pictures without them being blurry. It turned out to be a hardware issue. There was also static when I plugged int a headset due to a loose connection. I had to return the phone and received a new one. The new one's camera works as it should an the headphones do not have a loose connection or static when listening to music or on a phone call. On my new phone, the volume rocker sticks out slightly. The differences between the two phones I had highlights some quality control issues in the manufacturing process of this phone. Overall I definitely recommend the phone, but beware of the issues I have had.I have had this phone since June and I still absolutely love it, the only problem I have had thus far is 1 dead pixel towards the middle of the screen which doesn't bother me. Pros: Boomsound speakers: I absolutely love these speakers, if you watch videos on your phone and find you are using the speakers quite often you will love these speakers. They are so clear and crisp and loud and i love it :P Screen size: 4.7 inch screen is pretty much ideal for me so I can't complain about the screen size. Hardware: The hardware and speakers basically sold this phone for me, the body of this phone is absolutely gorgeous! Cons: The aluminum body can be scratched quite easily, but you can wipe them off if they are not too deep. Now about the camera and battery life (these are neither pros nor cons for me.) Camera: With the 4 ultrapixel camera you can take very good low light pictures (compared to most phones) But the camera itself is not anything amazing (although it does get the job done if you know how to use it correctly) Battery Life: battery life has been good in my opinion, I myself am not a heavy user like people that use their phone for business so I cannot account for how the battery runs with sync on gps on brightness up bluetooth on all day etc etc.. All in all a very good phone and I would recommend it. (but I recommend either blue or red because they are freakin sick man :P )this mobile is awesome!! perfect sound! perfect everything!! i love the camera!! it's all i wanted!! i recommend it to everyoneGreat sound, HTC limited app capabilities/compatibilities. I have had a few issues where certain apps that work perfectly on Samsung devices and not function on the HTC One. Other than that it's a great phone!Love this phone. Best phone I've ever touched. Kills the iPhone hands down. Doesn't get any better than this. Smooth and fast. Very quick and beautiful screen.I am upgrading from my very lovable galaxy note 1. I enjoyed it thoroughly except for its sluggishness. I would have loved to keep it as my primary phone had HTC one not impressed me with its smoothness and fastness. There are many things I am going to miss from my galaxy note. 1st and obvious one is pen which wont even have any alternative. All other features I enjoyed on note have alternatives, for example notification toggle in notification tray, but I have downloaded notification toggle app from market which is infact a better alternative. I am going to miss my power button which was on side for big phone, HTC one's power button will be pain for me for sure. One more thing I will miss is menu button. Now I am in iphone era where I have to rely on in built app menu button. Seperate search button on note was great too along with holding home button for recent apps, but hopefully I will get used to long pressing home button for search and double tapping it for recent apps. Other than that, I have started enjoying HTC one slowly and dearly. Camera, fastness and smoothness being obvious perks which are taking over above mentioned short comings... There are few software factors also which I was used to, but I am sure that will fade away with time... Update1: Many of my software complaints have reduced after I saw 20+ tricks for HTC one youtube video. I am enjoying camera and gallary app even more. I also heard about Moto x having great notification feature called active notification, so I downloaded paid version of dynamic notification and it works so well. With blazing speed, cutting edge hardware, and all new software features, I can proudly say HTC one is perfect for my needs. I am only on 4th day with it and I am pretty close to getting used to it now... The speakers are so good that I cant think of buying any other phone without such good speaker quality.I love the screen size; much bigger than my old iphone4. Everything looks so much clearer than on iphone screen. GPS is awesome because it talks unlike the one in iphone. There is a learning curve to switch from iphone to HTC, but it is not bad. I am still learning about this phone, but I love it so far. It is so beautiful; did I say it already?I have both HTC one and Samsung Note II and they both work great for me. HTC one is lighter and slim, and of course smaller on the screen size. i enjoy both phones though.The quality and texture of the device is way better than I expected. everyting is smooth as silk, speed, quality, sound. now my gf wants one too!This is the best phone i have ever had. I truly enjoy my phone everyday. I don't know how ill get by without it.It's a little bit difficult to use the Android sys at first time. But when I am familiar wiz it, I'd like to use it every time. Good quality, nice sounds, fast sys and multiple apps.I have been enjoying this Android phone. Best price on Amazon, much cheaper than AT&T and no re-stocking fee. I had purchased a Samsung Galaxy 4 from AT&T and returned it. Got stuck for the re-stocking fee. Will always purchase cell phones from Amazon from now on.I really like this phone! Its a perfect size for my eyes. I bought this phone a few days before a family vacation in Europe and I was able to put it through a &#34;real-world&#34; test during that period of time. Initially, I had issues with the Wifi connecting and disconnecting intermittently during my trip and on my return. For a period of time (approx. six weeks), I thought that I would have to return the phone. I really loved the phone, but I was not going to put up with this issue. After a few calls to HTC, one of the techs there said that it could be an APP that I downloaded. I thought that he was wrong but then I started to think of which APP I downloaded that could create this issue. I remembered that just before my trip, I downloaded the AT&T WI-FI INTERNATIONAL APP, and I figured since I was back in the US, I didn't need it anymore. So as a test, I uninstalled the APP, then rebooted phone by turning if off, and to my disbelief, that was the problem. The phone works perfectly now. I am so glad because I had taken over 1k pictures in Europe and really didn't want to go through the hassle of setting up a new phone. SO...happy I kept the phone. All my family members and other friends have seen photos from this phone, and they simply love the quality. Hope this review helps.I'm very happy with this purchase. My old Captivate was nothing compared to the HTC One. The sound on this phone is light years ahead of others I have tried. I recommend this to anyone may have poor hearing.I live this phone. Slim and has a nice feel. The music is astounding. This is a must have phone that will stand up against the best of them.I ordered this phone for my mom and she really enjoys it. She especially loves the news feed on the home screen.Best smartphone in terms of hardware I have ever used, except a little laggy due to the natural of Andriod plus Sense UI. Hope HTC release a windows phone with similar hardware.I have had the HTC One for three months and absolutely love it. I owned HTC phones years ago and was always happy with the performance. I switched to iPhones for 4 years then just bought this HTC One. The interaction is just as fluid as the iPhone but lets you do so much more with the phone. The phone is solid as anyone could hope for. I have accidentally dropped this phone on concrete from waist level three times landing glass down without a scratch! The phone still operates flawlessly. I would absolutely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a quality, flawless performing, android phone.As with all new phones, electronic devices, etc., there is a learning curve. The HTC One has plenty of Storage memory for my uses. As we travel and volunteer extensively, the ability to download numerous apps for the local areas is a plus. Additionally, the ability to download, store and read pdf files works great. The flexibility to setup and use any one of the 5 pages as a customized home page is convenient and valuable for me. The one news page easily updates and can be customized for various news agencies, except Fox News. Additionally, news topics are also available for customizing. However, bookmarks are easily established for any news outlet desired. The battery life extends throughout the day, and the ability to extend the battery further can be adjusted with the power saver. Also, the ability to review and delete apps, etc., is easily accomplished. The speakers are exceptional and provides excellent sound quality. No more, can you hear me, or I can't hear you. Overall, the HTC One is the best handheld computer/phone I have used. I like it a lot. Did I say I really like it. I upgraded the phone through Amazon.com, and the activation was painless, which was my main concern when ordering the phone. It went smoothly and activated almost immediately, and deactivated the old phone flawlessly. Additionally, I was able to use the transfer function and move all critical information from the previous HTC. As a side note the HTC Inspire 4g, was given to DW. The ability to transfer critical information from the old Iphone 3g to the HTC Inspire was flawless as well. So far, all the functions I use and need work as intended. Did I say, I really like this new HTC One. Now, if it meets the endurance and longevity test, or until a more fabulous HTC hits the market, this is the phone for me. What don't I like about it? If I were to look for something to criticize about the HTC One, well, I would really have to look hard and any criticism would be nitpicking. Now, if carrier service costs could just be reduced, life would be perfect. Two weeks ago, Dec 2, I purchased our 2nd HTC One which replaced an HTC Inspire 4g. We love the HTC One phone. The android systems works great, versatile, the sound is exceptional. We are using Wilson Boosters to amplify the signal in a very low signal area. All calls are made using the speakerphone, and the the Hot Spot is our full-time intern access. The Sound quality is great, no outside feedback or background noise, even in bad weather conditions. I never want another phone. We are sold on the HTC One. Maybe another HTC in the future if there are improvements. Don't know how they can improve it. It is fun to use, easy to handle, What a great product. Commercial over! Don't know how the most critical user of cell phones could be disappointed in the HTC One. Over now.Great product from HTC. I got both the silver and the black and I'd say get the black one if you are hesitating about the color choice. Black looks more sleek and high end in person.Totally exceeded my expectations. It's light, super fast, has great battery life so far, and always works. So far I have zero complaints. With moderately to light usage and the battery saver mode on I can get almost three days on a charge. Right now I'm at 43% battery life going on 1 day and 16 hours since the last charge. 4.7 inch seems like a good size too, It can still fit in my pant pockets though some are a little awkward.Since yesterday my phone stopped working suddenly.... I can not reboot the phone even after charging; Currently working with Amazon and ATT to see if I can get it repaired as my phone has 1 year warrranty; Will keep posted on the progress.... Reasons for rating: This phone is concealed and you can not open it to check the battery or anything to see if it worksGreat software. Horrible screen. I had a protector on the phone to avoid breaking the glass if dropped accidentally. it fell less than two feet on a linoleum surface (with the protector on it) and the screen shattered. Seriously?? And its pointless getting the screen replaced... nobody does it well. getting a different phone.HTC ONE , SIVER(AT&T) THE BEST CELL PHONE I BUY THE PRICE IS RIGHT IT WORK GREAT THANK YOU P.S,This phone is so Wonderful! I picked it up at my local AT&T store and have to say I truly am in love with my purchase! I rooted mine to get the AT&T bloatware off and it runs amazing!. I can really feel the quad-core(4 core) performance and also the beautiful display and body compliment the whole experience. Overall: I am VERY satisfied with my purchase and would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for the best smartphone experience HTC offers!I have been using it for nearly a month...no complaints. No phone is perfect but this One is worth a try.I do not want to repeat things others have mentioned. I will focus on camera and speakers. Zoe camera is absolutely amazing. It takes a phone camera to another level by its design not by pixel counts. Low light performance is much more important not only for low light condition, but also for taking moving objects. Pixel counts do not matter that much unless you are printing a large poster. If you are going to print a large poster, you would want to use DSLR instead of a phone camera. There is no way a phone camera can compete with a DSLR with high quality lenses. Can the tiny lenses of a phone camera truly product the resolution of the high pixel counts(GS4 has 13 megapixels)? I am not sure. Higher pixel counts do not necessary produce higher quality of pictures though the file size will be larger. The stereo speaks are also amazing. I almost feel like to find a way to keep them on while connecting the phone to a sub-woofer. If I can do that, I do not need external speakers. I am not sure if that is possible. If it is, the sound quality could beat those small shelf stereo systems.I'll let the more verbose reviews woo the potential buyer with the features of the phone and all the positive attributes. I like it as well, with a couple complaints. 1) Bluetooth is not as intelligent as the iPhone. From the car-installed bluetooth, when the user presses the 'call' button, the instructions from the phone on making a voice-dial call are NOT relayed through the Bluetooth. So if the phone is in the user's pocket, or face down on the passenger seat, its likely to not be heard at all. (**IF the phone is mounted in the HTC Cradle and in 'Car Mode', the user may press the 'speak' button on the phone and the call instructions are relayed through the Bluetooth). Additionally, when using the navigation feature on Google Maps, the turn-by-turn narrations are only played through the Bluetooth IF the user is playing Bluetooth audio from the phone at that time. If the radio or other audio mode is in use on the car, the turn-by-turn directions are played only through the speaker on the phone. 2) Blinkfeed has a pretty limited selection; hopefully this will broaden a little bit to include local news stations, photoblogs, etc rather than only the pre-selected options. Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of the phone, but coming from iPhone it is a little frustrating to go backwards on Bluetooth functionality front. Another positive I haven't seen mentioned in the other reviews -- HTC has made switching from iPhone incredibly easy. The ability to bring in my playlists, pictures, notes and other data from my old phone to the HTC made jumping ship a whole lot easier. And, of course, Zoe rocks!!Most critic reviews are right on the money. Camera is great. Interface is clean and simple. I forgot what its called but one of the main screens is a news feed from selected sites or categories you're interested in. The news feed is extremely convenient. I find it to be the best function of this phone. Thing is I had to use my warranty to replace this phone twice. The first time: the mic you talk into stopped recognizing my voice so I people could only hear me on speaker. Second time: the display would go dead black randomly and would stay like that from hours to days. Apparently a lot of HTC Ones get recalled for those two issues. Just type in HTC One issues and see all the forums about this two issues. Anyway,I love the phone but because it keeps breaking on me, I can't recommend it. Sad. Also, I cracked the screen a couple of days ago. I have mobile insurance but they want a 200 dollar deductible. The HTC One is super glued together so cell phone repair companies can't fix it.It's like being married to a beautiful mute women who has a huge trust fund! I'd recommend HTC One to anyone looking for a smart phone.great audio and camera; friendly UI good look and of course android is my favor. more colors are coming soon. but I can't wait anymore.Glad I dumped my GS3. HTC One is ... The One. It feels thinner than it is when you hold it. And I just can't help keeping playing with it. BTW, I bought an unlocked phone from HTC website and it's about 100 bucks cheaper.I agree with most of the positive reviews here about the phone, but I want to post this in as many places as possible so that users aren't disappointed and puzzled by a particular problem... If you connect an A2DP Bluetooth audio device (headphones, or in my case, car stereo headunit) and play music back on it, it will sound like garbage. The high frequencies will be all distorted and garbled. You can hear it most noticeably on cymbal crashes, vocal 's' and 'sh' and 'ch' sounds, and electric guitar licks with distortion. It is a problem that was plaguing Google AOSP 4.2 ROMs, but it was because of a particular Bluetooth driver setting (a parameter called bitpool, and a sample rate mismatch), but apparently has also turned up here on a 4.1 based Sense 5. So be warned! If you use Bluetooth audio all the time like I do, it is a terrible terrible bug, and I hope it gets fixed ASAP.Why only two Stars with all the good things that goes with this phone? Take a look at this post: [...] I am one of those victims too. Lens cracked with normal use. No drops to the phone at all. Called HTC. They both immediately denied the warranty repair and demanded $180 for the repair. Think twice before purchasing.Battery issue was never a problem for me on a smartphone until I own the HTC One. On the first day of owning the phone, the battery would not last me more than six hours on heavy usage (fully charge). Yes, I use my phone for texting, web surfing, emailing, and listening to music when I'm at work (I know I have an awesome job).On the second day at work, I decide to give my phone a break and just pull it out my pocket when I need to check the time and my email. The phone would lose 1% charge every 7-10 minutes (no background app, screen is set at 50% brightness,no wifi, no bluetooth, no NFC, and power saver is on). Within an hour, my phone has drop from 100% to 91%. Ridiculous!! By the time I got home from work 9am-3pm I have around 60-70% of battery left just from checking the time, email, and less than 20 text messages. I was not very please with the battery life, so I decide to give my phone a factory reset to see if the battery would improve. Not at all. On the fourth day, I decide to kill the battery and let it charge from 0% to 100%. Still, problem did not resolve. On the fifth day, phone is going back to Amazon. My Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and Iphone 4s never had this kind of problem. Yes, I know the Note 2 has a 3100 mAh battery vs 2300 mAh on the HTC One. Yet, the Note 2 has a bigger screen and I never put the Note 2 into power saving mode and screen is always at 75% brightness manually. I really dislike the blinkfeed as I have no use for it. I find it useless and it also taking up one of my home screen page.. HTC One will only let you have 5 home screen. Since blinkfeed take over one home screen, that lead me to only 4 screens to put my widget and apps which I find its not enough. Overall I am not satisfied with the battery life on the HTC One. I do love the built quality, the amazing resolution screen, and the buttery smooth OS of the HTC compared to the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. HTC really makes Samsung phone feels really cheap when holding in hand. I guess maybe I am just spoil on the Note 2 battery life. Again this is just my personal usage and may help someone else if they decide to use HTC one phone as a SMARTPHONE and put it to a full potential. I decide to give HTC One another chance and waiting on my replacement as I may have a defective battery. If you have any input on battery life please let me know. Thank you.The good: Phone built quality and the screen size The Bad: - Volume Controls --&#62; the placement of the volume controls is so bad that unwillingly and unknowingly, you will end up pressing the controls making the volume/ringer too loud or too low. I wish they had at least make the volume up and down buttons a little raised from the casing so that there would be less accidental volume setting changes - Although there is so much hype about the beats speakers and all that, I found the speaker phone volume during a call to be too-too low. additionally, in call volume on the in-built headset is also not that impressive - Not User Friendly --&#62; You will have to struggle to find different functions and settings. - Touch screen sensitivity problems --&#62; touch screen is not seamless. I had expected the touch screen to be more responsive. - Display issues--&#62; When you scroll the screen of an iPhone, you could clearly make out (if not read) the words moving on your screen. you can never imagine the same thing on this device. - Unnecessary Distractions --&#62; too many distractions. for instance, when you setup Skype, without even your knowledge it adds skye contacts to the contact list on the phone, Adds Facebook pictures to your picture gallery etc. and all this without your knowledge and there is no straight and easy way to get rid of all this unwanted distractions. To sum up, I would say this is a well built phone with good screen size and a sleek looking device but to me it is not a user friendly phone.A phone needs to be good looking AND intuitive so the user can use it with ease and confidence. almost every time if you have to switch to google to find out how you can access a certain feature or how you can get rid of an unwanted issues on your phone... to me thats a problem.This camera doesn't take a picture. I have been trying to use a new application that allows one to take a picture of their check and avoid going to the bank but this phone's camera won't focus. It has this strange purple haze to it and when I try to take the picture at the last minute it goes out of focus. I did a Google search to see if this problem is wide spread and guess what, it is. Yet,there has been no recall or accountability from Amazon, the producers of the phone or AT&T. Do not buy this smart phone if you plan to use it as a smart phone or take pictures or make mobile check deposits. I gave this a one star but trust me it deserves zero because if you try to use it for depositing checks you will end up with zero dollars and a big headache. Update, I called AT&T and they are willing to send me a used phone to replace this defective one and they think I should be happy about it. I bought this phone less than 2 months ago and it is defective. Taking pictures of any kind produces purple blurry pictures. Now I get a hassle of returning this one and setting up a new one (I mean different one it is not new). There are so many similar complaints of this purple blurry camera that now I fear I will just get another lemon.I got this for my 20 year old and he could not be more happy with my it. The screen is fantastic and Android runs very smoothly. It has also already received an update to 4.2 so kudos to HTC for getting that out so fast. Some reviewers have said the phone has the typical Android stutter but I have yet to see that. The battery is adequate and will make it through a day. The last point I would like to make is that the construction on at least the phone I bought is flawless. I watched some early reviews about some build quality issues but I did not see any.I have always been a big iOS user. For phones alone, I was an iPhone 3G user, iPhone 4, then iPhone 5...but it started getting stale. Really stale. Looking at my iPad and iPhone was getting boring, so I tried a few different operating systems. I tried the Nokia Lumia 920 (excellent phone, not supported enough by developers), the Blackberry Z10 (too little, too late, Blackberry), and now the HTC One. Instead of doing a full on review (which you may have already seen a million other places), I'll just highlight what I really like about this thing and what I don't like about it. 1. The design of this phone is superb. It's one aluminum shell, and it looks and feels fantastic. The red Beats logo on the back really stands out. The screen looks great as well. 2. The speakers on the front sound great. 3. It's snappy. Really fast. No lag to be found, even while multi-tasking. 4. The camera is very good in low light settings (although in normal settings, the Lumia is still the king). 5. It's Android, so there's a lot to be customized. This is my first true experience with Google Now, which I'm really liking. What don't I like? 1. I'm not a huge fan of BlinkFeed - it seems like it wanted to be the Live Tiles from Windows, but without automatic updating (which could be there, and I'm just missing it), it's not that effective. Luckily, I found a way to switch to a different home screen as you cannot disable BlinkFeed. 2. It gets extremely hot when charging in the car - I'm sure this is due to the metal construction. I'm sure I'll update this as I use it more and more (I've only been using it for three days), but so far, so good. HTC knocked this one out of the park. Final Score: 4.5/5I am a little perplexed as to why they have this phone listed for the same price as HTC own website and it is a US unlocked version not a AT&T version and it is for the 64 gig developers addition they are selling NOT the 32 gig that the seller in trying to sell on here. Makes me question the sellers integrity.I don't know why everybody waits for the new iphone android needs more ads. I'm not blind but on this phone the voiceover is almost iphone par don't quote me on that but its good. the beats speakers add amazing sound. how large and how it fits in your hand is amazing. I was a supporter of android from the beginning and I really was considering about switching to iphone but with all the new android best sellers coming out I didn't. sellers like the htc one,Galaxy s4 and things like both of them people need to realize how much better android is. By far my most fav feature is probably blinkfeed.This phone is 5 outta 5 in my bookGot this phone 5 days ago and I am very very impressed.. Build quality is top notch.. Software feels polished and not laggy at all.. The stock launcher is fine but I am using Nova Launcher since it's a lot more customizable.. Camera takes very good pictures and the fact that I can move pictures between folders is a definite plus.. The ability to use the phone as a remote control is very handy and works great even with a case on the phone.. Overall, great phone..Where to even start with the disappointment in this phone. Phone is heavy, bulky, too large for female hand, built for a left handed person, horrible power button, the back and home buttons are hidden with no back light, not able to receive texts from any iPhone, disconnects from WiFi when I'm 20 ft away from our access point. Camera is horrible, my original HTC has a better camera than the 'one'. My teens who are totally tech savvyy say its the worst phone they've tried out. The only positive is the key board. This phone will be going back as there is absolutely 0 reasons to keep it, so disappointed, HTCI felt like it was necessary to write this review as this product has been an awful experience. I got the phone in May 2013 and it crapped out on me this past weekend after barely 4 months of use. I protected the phone in an expensive Otterbox Defender Series case. The problem is the phone won't transmit my voice to the other end while talking on the phone. The other user only hears what sounds like a phone that has made a pocket dial and some one is walking with the phone in their pants instead of hearing my voice. Apart from the one way audio failure which is extremely frustrating, the phone can't be taken to Sprint for repair as it is a closed phone, the case cannot be open. No expandable SD card slot and the battery life is poor (probably because the screen is so big) are two big downers. Pros: +Vibrant OLED screen +Sleek sexy aluminum case +Beats Audio +Powerful Quad Core Processor +Awesome camera +HTC Live feed is pretty nice Cons: -Phone won't transmit my voice when making calls. Shoddy hardware? Design or manufacturing defect? -Battery drains quickly throughout the day, will need a charge in the middle day if you use it constantly all morning if you want to use it for the rest of the day -NO EXPANDABLE MEMORY OR REPLACEABLE BATTERY!! -Can't remove cover to fix phone Phone broke so I am giving it one star. I expect better from a huge tech company. I am stuck in a contract with this poor performing phone for still over 1.5 years with Sprint. Even with their total protection plan it costs $150 to replace/file a claimI don't know how anyone likes this phone. It is so terrible. It is oriented towards people that constantly need to update their facebook/twitter profiles which is great if youre still a teenager, but as an adult I need a phone that doesn't randomly delete all my contacts. I will never purchase another htc product again.Ok it's up to par on a standard level with phones released of 2013 only thing it does better is sound. I doesn't have any unique features either. I did love the htc feed news thingy where your home screen shows news updates on latest stuff you like. Other than that it was a normal experience I needed up trading it for a iPhone 5! The resale value is also high I think as of summer 2013 it's going for $450 easily on crsigslist if you can weed past the low lives that offering you $200 but your specify may be different. So I'd get this if you don't want to follow the android crowd that loves galaxy this will really feel different in your hand.I love this phone except HTC Sense(sucks big time), and software to import contacts sucks big time. I updated this phone with Stock 4.2.2 and now it is just awesome phone ( except little gap on top of the phone).i love it because are 3 times fast then S4 well HTC one is the best of all android if HTC one dont though to create i new phone S4 was the best but here is it the new HTC one and IT IS the best of all androids together really amazingThis was meant to replace my iPhone 5, but it came up short. While I love my iPhone, the tiny screen and stale OS led me to look elsewhere. The specs on the HTC were too good to pass on, so I gave it a try. While the build quality was great (aside from what felt like a flimsy and thin camera lens cover) it was still a step short of what the iPhone is. The HTC felt solid in the hand but still had some quality issues like rough plastic edges around ports and gaps between the plastic and metal. All that was minor though. My main issues where: *Battery - I don't mind not being able to swap batteries, but this thing runs through a charge pretty fast. My IP5 would make it to 5 or 6 in the evening without a charge, while the HTC, under the same usage, couldn't make it past 3. I would be willing to overlook this if the thing didn't charge so damn slow. While I didn't time them, it was clear the HTC took quite awhile longer to charge compared to the IP5. *Music - the phone didn't work in any of our cars via USB. I've never had a situation where my IP5 couldn't at least push music through a car's speakers when hooked up via USB. *Touch lag/Accuracy - While this didn't drive me too crazy, overall, the Android OS is quite laggy compared to iOS 6. Accuracy was also an issue. I tried a few keyboards, but I just couldn't type accurately with the HTC, there were always wrong letters here and there. I don't have this issue on the IP5 or a Samsung S3 that I've used extensively. There was also issues when touching links on web pages. Even with the bigger screen, I found myself having to zoom in to get touches to register accurately, while I had no problem touching the same links on my IP5's minuscule screen without zooming. *Camera - I like what HTC tried here, but the 4 megapixels just don't work in real life. I'm willing to bet most people are like myself and take pictures where there's ample light for the majority of our photos. The HTC photos don't suck in normal light, but they aren't anything better than OK either. * Warranty- unlike with Apple, HTC doesn't have a store to address warranty issues. A warranty claim requires the customer to ship back the faulty phone on their dime and wait up to two weeks for it to return. However, even without a store HTC should take notes from Apple on how to handle claims via mail. Apple will ship a replacement phone after which you use the same box to ship back your old one. That means zero downtime. I can't go a day without a phone, let alone two weeks and I don't keep a second phone as a backup. * Voice mail - Android does not have visual voice mail buit in. This meant I had to use a separate app to get VVM. This was especially annoying because the ATT app was clunky, slow and gave me no way to retrieve deleted messages.There have sync difficulty with my macbook and iPad compare with my former iphone. The android os is also less convenient compare with iOS. So I definitely will use iphone as my next phone.Since this is my first smart phone I took nearly 6 months to decide which one to buy. I've had this phone for about 2 months now and it works fine, however, I have called for support about 4 times now for simple operating questions and their support is horrible. They definitely know nothing about communicating or downloading anything to an Apple computer. One tech actually told me to go to You Tube for support. Another one told me he knew nothing about how to communicate with Itunes. I think this phone is great for someone who is technically savvy with smart phones and computers but if you don't have any experience with a smart phone do not buy this phone. You will be frustrated beyond your imagination. I think I should have just bought an Apple I phone and left it at that.The biggest issue I have with the device is that it is glued/stamped together. In other words, anytime it needs to be taken apart (for battery change or other repair) the phone is going to be pulled/pried apart. iFixiT gave it its poorest rating with 1 out of 10. Spending this much money on a flagship, I want it to last and have decent resale value. One year down the road, after warranty...that's when I have a problem with HTC's approach. Once taken apart, it will never be the same. Too bad really, because it really offers a lot.My order was for an unlocked HTC, I have no usr for yjis phone. How can I return for an unlocked one?? Maximo Bosch Buenos Aires, ArgentinaI just receive the HTC ONE here in Peru, it was a gift, when I was ready to use it the micro SIM Card did not worked out. If I bought a cellphone without a contract service I assume that the product is unlocked. The phone works perfect but the only thing that bother me is that i can not use a SIM Card of Peru. Anyone Could help me? I travel a lot so i need an unlocked device. I will appreciate if you could tell me what can i do to solve this issue. Thanks. After a long distance call to at&t the problem is solve! My HTC ONE works fantastic! Thank you all.I always maintain my phone on my front pocket, one day I took my 1 month old HTC One out and the screen was cracked, not shattered, just cracked from corner to corner, but the phone itself was working perfectly fine. I decided to send it to service to HTC, since I believe I did nothing out of the ordinary to get the screen cracked. I was flexible to pay for a regular screen replacement if it was not covered by the warranty, but today I received the quote, $300!!!! In the quote they are stating that the case and the board need to be replaced and really do not understand why, since as I said, the phone was working fine, it was just the screen that was cracked, even the touchscreen was working fine. If it is a design error and the case and the mainboard need to be replace to change the screen, that is unacceptable. UPDATE: I just got off the phone with HTC, and for your own benefit, PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!. First and last HTC phone that I am going to buy. Yes, I did modification to the software, but that did not have anything to do with the hardware problem. They did use this as excuse to change the mainboard and change the case.downvote away. I bought this phone with an upgrade through AT&T. I don't mind the non SD card or the non removable battery. I started my love for android with a nexus one and had at least a dozen different phones between the N1 and the HTC One. This is the first phone I've ever returned. Coming from the S3, I was looking for something fresh with a 1080p display and wanted to try something non Samsung since I have a 2 week buyers remorse trial. I bought this direct from AT&T and received free next day shipping as well as a deep discount. I received the phones and opened them up. Packaging was nice and I was excited for a new device. I turned it on and the display is gorgeous and I was impressed by it. I went through the normal steps of setting up my Google account and everything was going well. I like the stock keyboard, even though I immediately replaced it with swiftkey. The front facing speakers are decent but I don't use them since I have a bluetooth speaker system for music. I'm not going to go into depth about the functions and features; that's what a YouTube video is for. I'll give my reasons for not liking this device and conclude. What you do is up to you. I find it hard to believe this is a 5 star device from other reviews. Maybe they are first time smart phone buyers. -I don't like Sense. At all. I use Nova Launcher so the skin doesn't really matter to me, but I can tolerate Touchwiz to at least look around the phone. With Sense I immediately downloaded my launcher and didn't bother with dealing with Sense. -It's a little too heavy for me. Coming from a S3, which is made of a very lightweight plastic and feels extremely light, this phone is like a brick to me. Yes, it is well made and sturdy, but my s3 and a case weighs about half of what this phone weighs without a case. I don't know for sure, just guessing. After 10 minutes of trying the phone out, my wrist started to hurt from holding it. Never an issue with the s3 and I'm a strong man. -The button layout is weird, especially coming from a Samsung. Im used to a physical home button in the middle, power button on the right side, and a menu and back button. This phone has the power button on the top left, which is extremely difficult to get used to as a right handed individual, and only 2 buttons. A home button and back button. Both are capacitive meaning they're not physical buttons. You press on the glass and it senses you pushed either the home or back key, which is a pain to find in the dark. Personally, I can't live without a menu button that doubles as my search button when you press down on it, but that's just me. After playing with it for about 2 hours, I called AT&T and asked if I can send if back and get the s4 and they happily sent one to me before I had to send this one back. I still have my s3 and used that and reset the One to factory settings until I received the shipping label to send it back. If you're coming from Samsung sick with the s4. I didn't need to upgrade but my wife wanted a new phone, so you know the boss rules, so we have new S4's and are very happy with them. I won't review the S4 here or compare, but we are both very happy with them. I prefer Android over any other OS. Apple is same old song and dance and offers nothing new, and Windows 7 has a terrible app selection. At least, it seems, we are now arguing over which Android device we prefer instead of arguing about which OS is better. Companies like Samsung and HTC are blowing Apple out of the water with their ingenuity and that's all I ask for. I wanted to love this phone but couldn't. It's not for me, and likely won't be for previous S3 owners, but for a novice I think it would be a good device. I don't hate it, I just don't like it.Touch screen stop working after a week this is the 3rd and final htc product I will buy stay away from they seem to be rushing all kinds of phones out instead on focusing on just a few ...Oh, hell no. That's cheap disposable crap design. Why do they do it? Is it really cheaper to solder things in or do they want to want to force you to pay more to upgrade than you would if you could just buy your own SD card or battery? Either way, I've never had any electronic device whose battery performance didn't get weaker within 1.5-3 years so why the hell would I put up with that for a phone that costs as much as a middle-of-the-road laptop I would expect to get at least 3 years out of. I was excited about this phone but finding that out was a major disappointment.please be careful while ordering the model, check the model number - details in the review below.- People who review should be careful before jumping to conclusion, this is a dual SIM phone availble in both 
a) CDMA and GSM 
b) WCDMA and GSM 
combitnations, and HTC inida website says 900 /1800 MHZ for WCDMA and 800/1900 MHZ for CDMA EVDO rev 1 
 
So please be careful before ordering which model number you order as per my research on chinese web site and XDA forum: 
- HTC One 802d is CDMA variant i.e one sim slot for 2g and other slot for CDMA i.e will second sim will work only with operators like MTS, Reliance CDMA and TATA CDMA 
- HTC One 802w is 3G/WCDMA variant i.e one sim for 2g and other for 3G/WCDMA i.e both sim will accept more popular providers like Airtel, Voda, Idea, Docomo, Reliance GSM etc. so it can work in 2G+2G or 2G + 3G/WCDMA 
 
at speculated pirce of INR 46,495 this seems a bit high, should be priced under 40k. i think from the specs and performance prospective this is proven one. 
 
I was planning to buy this from China as this one already available there, but at current rupee rate this would be unwise to do. So i will wait for it to reappear here. 
 
Detailed reviews cane be found on internet with benchmark scores, pros and cons. 
 
Updated: i called a seller selling this product, HTC One 802d is the version that is released in india and it works with GSM upto edge + GSM upto 3G in dual active mode here, due to frequency match and it works only on a particular CDMA frequency that is prevelant in US.plzzzz dont buy this !!.i bought the single sim version of this phone on flipkart .. the phone was actually awesome nd i loved it 
but just on the second day it slipped from my pocket nd fell glass facing the floor nd it got shattered completely . 
,..i took it to the service center and they said it costs around 22k-27k o repair the glass and atleast 2 months for it as they have to send the phone outside india .. 
 
it is almost impossible to repair the phone ..this uses zero gap technology and the parts are welded together ..the 1080 display too has to be replaced along with the gorilla glass ..nd the glass can only be removed using a heat gun and a suction cap.. 
 
This has got Ifixit repairability rating of 1/10 which is terribly low ( lowest ever for any phone ) .. 
 
so ppl .. pleast think before buying ...youll never kno when accidensts happen .. just a small drop nd your 50k is lost forever ..HORRIBLE HTC INDIA SERVICE.HORRIBLE HTC INDIA SERVICE 
 
I bought a brand new HTC one on 1st Aug 2013 (3.5 months old now) 
IMEI: 35443505259477 
 
1.) I submitted the phone in TVS-E SERVICETEC LTD, Basavangudi, Bangalore for a back panel replacement under warranty since it had a poor print. 
 They changed the back panel, with a GAP NEAR THE VOLUME BUTTON. 
 DATE of submission: 16th sept 2013. 
 Recieved after a week. 
 When the questioned the gap, they told me they have to order a part and asked me to wait for 5 days and submit the phone to them again. 
 I went to the center 3 to 4 times enquiring about the part and they where always out of stock and hence they would not fix the GAP issue. 
 Finally they told me to go to jayanagar service center and ask them to send my phone to head office for repair. 
 
2.) I submitted the phone in PRAMANIK MOBILE SERVICE, Jayanagar, Bangalore to fix the GAP issue. 
 Absolutely no work done on the phone when i recieved it after a week 
 DATE of submission: 5th nov 2013 
 recieved on: 11th nov 2013 
 
3.) I resubmitted the phone in PRAMANIk MOBILE SERVICE 
 This time they fixed the GAP issue , but came along with it TWO SCRATCHES ON the screen, tiny gaps near the screen and the phone would NOT CHARGE!! 
 DATE of submission: 12th nov 2013 
 recieved on: 16th nov 2013 
 
4.) I Had to resubmit the phone today (18th nov 2013) asking them to fix all the above mentioned issues. 
 
Inspite of continuous poor services provided to me, HTC has denied to give me a replacement. 
Every time i call them they say they are extremely sorry and that they understand my frustration and that they would go their job this time. 
But so far instead of fixing problems they are creating me new ones and giving me back. 
 
Hence everytime i gave the phone to them , they would return it to me with a brand new problem. 
Every time i went to the service center there was atleast one person who was facing simlar poor servicing problems from HTC. 
 
I will suggest not to buy a HTC phone, since they have horrible after sales service. 
 
Preetham 
9980603673Worst Phone from HTC.Please don't buy the phone by going through the 5 star reviews. This is one of the worst phone ever i had used. After buying the phone it started hanging after a month, HTC support asked &quot;Have u downloaded the 3rd party apps&quot;. A very stupid question. 
They had upgraded the phone to the newer Android version, worked well for 15 days and then stopped responding, this time they said there is HW problem, and asked to wait for 15-20 days. 
I am not sure if I will get my phone even in 30 days. There excuse is phone is new, hence will take time. 
 
I request you guys please don't put your hard earned money in to this worst phone.HTC One.Yes a very nice looking and good phone provided you do not 
have hardware or software issues. This phone is virtually 
irreparable. In the US they just replace the phone with 
another new phone if it is within the warranty period. Here 
HTC service centre would retain the phone for an indefinite 
period and you can kiss your money and your phone goodbye.Premium is an understatement, Best Phone of 2013..It has been one week while using the phone, so i am in a better position to write a decent review. 
 
Features: You name them, it has it all. Dual sim, Dual Active, Works with every service provider whether GSM or CDMA. Just checked with Reliance CDMA and was working fine with EVDO active (3G variant of CDMA but a lot cheaper although at theoretically lesser Speed), Hence if some of you have confusion that it won't work with CDMA providers in India, that is not the case. 
 
Great internel memory and Expansion slot, 32 GB inbuilt can be used for apps and games and upto 64 GB external mmc for personal files and media. Will never run out of space. 
 
Rest all the performance and specs are exactly similar to HTC One and i read somewhere here that HTC one is 4G LTE capable, while this one is not, i would like to tell u all that neither of them is 4G variant as the service is not yet started in INDIA. 
 
Just one con, HTC india website listed the dimension of this device as exactly similiar to HTC one, but its not, it 1mm thicker and slightly broader and hence no cover designed for HTC one will fit on this one. 
 
Finally i feel just lucky enough to sell my HTC one 801e at very decent price and got this one before the price rise.Bad experience with this purchase - HTC one dual sim Silver.Purchased the phone on 31-Nov-2013 from flipkart. Got it delivered by 2nd Dec-2013. I noticed the Camera pink tint issue on the 2nd day and called the HTC customer care immediately. They told me that a Software Update ( android) will solve the problem and I should wait for it. I called many times after that and got the same answer. But, the software update never came. I called them for the 7th or 8th time recently and they told me that the android update will take long time and the camera issue is not a software issue but, instead was a known hardware issue of the camera. 
 
Now, when I visited the customer service center, they told me they will replace the camera. I didn't agree for that as I didn't want to use a repaired phone so early in a purchase. The service center guys didn't want to take responsibility of the faulty handset. After a big fight finally HTC accepted my Phone for replacement. 
 
I was told they will call me when the phone is available and it would take at least 10 days for the same. But, for my surprise I received a call for delivery 2 days later. Since, I was out of town I visited them a week later and noticed that they had not got me a replacement, but, instead had repaired the faulty phone. I had to drive for 1 hour to reach the service center and due to the casual attitude of the service center , I had to visit 4 - 5 times with no luck. I am still waiting for my replacement. 
 
I would not recommend WS retail to any one. As they provided me a faulty phone in first place. 
 
I would never recommend HTC as the After Sales Service is terribly poor. 
 
A great phone but, sold and serviced by wrong people. 
 
I regret having purchased this phone. 
 
1 star for the excellent delivery speed of FlipkartHTC One dual sim 802D.About FlipKart: Superb Service. Got delivery in two days. 
About Product: One of the premium Smartphone. 
Pro 
1. Only phone in its class with dual active sim. 
2. The processor can handle all bit of Job (I am extensive user, hence claimed). This processor speed and RAM is sufficient for software available now a days. 
3. The inbuilt ROM is 32 GB and SD Card ROM support 64 GB. I feel rarely anybody will ever need more ROM than this. 
4. The phone though not Super AMOLED but display is still better than Super AMOLED. This I can say because I am also using Samsung Note-II. 
5. While using Reliance CDMA many are phasing SMS issue, it is only setting problem. Go to settings, then go to Call, then go to Slot 1 call setting, then go to preferred network and select CDMA. Problem will be solved. 
6. Camera quality is also excellent. Smartphone with 4 mp camera is sufficient as we transfer photos here n there which utilizes less data and work is done faster. Higher MP without clarity are just marketing gimmicks. 
7. UI is superb. Best in its class. 
8. Phone Software is very stable. This I can say as I am using lot of third party software. 9. More over after being such an extensive user of this phone, I am not able to use this phone at its full potential. 
10. Battery charges comparatively faster. 
Con 
1. Battery life is one day which could have been better. 
2. It is COSTLY phone.htc one a great device, but let down by terrible after sale customer service..i have used many htc products, android and earlier windows phone and have found them to be very good, but all that feel good and bliss of flying high with ur phone comes crashing down the moment u step into a htc service center, from the moment u step in(its never a one time visit n be prepared for many more visits) its a downhill ride, u can always be certain that they never have stock for replacement parts, and they will never ever provide u with a spare phone or even replace ur device, and they wont pick ur calls after sometime, they love to spend away ur time and effort by keeping the phone in the service center for weeks at times and not even fix it,, and almost all the time u r left with a bad feeling in ur stomachs pit, the feeling is overwhelming that it would make u puke if u have to visit them again,.. but once u get the device back u forget all that n u start falling for it again,, so on the whole its a love n hate affair,, but from the price point as such i guess its a huge waste of time n money and i guess this reflects on htc's market share, by the way my htc one had camera issues, thanks a lot htc for great device with terrible after sale service, but i guess its time to let u go... goodbye.Nice Phone, Picture, Performance.(India).Well to start with why I am writing this review as i faced the problem of finding exact review about this phone before purchasing the same. 
 
I have been using it since a week,Trust me!, its amazing in terms of performance, build (metallic body), quality, and camera picture (not comparable to iPhone camera quality but still at a par) as well. I bought it for 46,000/- from Gaffar Market (U get cheapest here on flipkart under some offer or from Gaffar Market, New Delhi). The best part of HTC one dual is that it is a dual-sim dual-active phone i.e. you can receive calls on both the sims simultaneously unlike Samsung Core, Grand, Quattro, S4 Mini Duos etc and other dual sim phones. Further you Can use SIM 1 slot for CDMA/GSM/3G/2G/E-VDO (SIM 2 slot only for GSM 2G). 
 
It has superbly smooth and elegant screen without any lag (graphic intensive games runs very smoothly). The processor embedded inside is apt for providing best. One may say that Note 3 is a better option over HTC one Dual as it is full of features. But i personally feel how much one do have time to explore those after daily routinized professional life. Further the Note 3 is little bulky and bigger in terms of size. (while purchasing even i became a little confused between Note 3 and HTC one dual due to said reasons). I feel This may be a marketing strategy and to convincingly overpower the consumers psychologically. I feel Note 3 is best suited to youngsters or college going fellows (as they are busy only 2 months before exams). 
 
I had been using iPhone4s so did not want to go with 5C or 5S. No doubt iPhone is a good product but so many restrictions and iOS7 did not appeal me much. 
 
The 32GB space in the phone along with the micro SD slot makes the phone a device full of space where u can download and keep everything u want. 
 
Sound quality of the music of this phone is amazzzzing i mean amazzzig, let it be through the speakers or the head phones, in fact i don't miss iPod while listening music at all (i also dont have to pay for downloading music as i did in iPhone). 
 
In terms of Battery it lasts from 9am to 8pm over a day with 2hrs of Music, 1Hr net surfing, 2-3hrs talktime. this is in addition to when I am connected over wi-fi all day and keep on installing uninstalling apps in between (not so frequently). The iPhone and any other phone's battery also does the same, but here i m getting it with dual active sim. Its the best phone for those professionals including youngsters who need dual sim (or single Sim as u can use as single sim as well). If htc providess a little more heavy battery i.e. 3000mAh instead of 2300mAh this would be unbeatable in terms of battery back up. 
 
Rest all u can explore but u wont regret trust me.HTC One Dual Sim.1. Very Good Phone. Had been waiting for a good high end dual sim and the wait is over. 
2. Find the interface of HTC better than the Samsung. Found it easier and less cluttered. 
3. Have been using the phone for 2 weeks now. Using it as a GSM + GSM. Works very well. No issues. The version I received is model 802d. 
4. Have taken the phone internationally and 3G works well. 
5. Battery life on proper usage lasts a full day. On power saving mode, it manages to stretch to a day and half. This is on 3G networks. 
6. Very good fit and finish but the metal body, specially edges, are prone to scratches and dents. Please get a good protective cover. 
7. The dual sim is slightly thicker and broader than the normal HTC One. Hence the One covers do not fit the dual sim. Dual SIM covers hard to find. Could not get it on flipkart but found one on ebay. 
8. At the time of purchase, flipkart suggested a compatible cover for the dual sim (brand name Rock). I went ahead and purchased it but when received, it turned out to be for the HTC One Mini. Hence, please double check before ordering and don't go blindly with the suggestions. I was traveling at the time of delivery and when i came back and found it to be the wrong cover, it was already past 30 days and flipkart refused to take it back. The cover is very nice and would have loved to use it but unfortunately can't. 
 
Over all, a very good deal.HTC One 802d dual sim.Its been almost a month now since I am using this product. I have a S4 too at home and is used by someone else at home. I would try to compare the HTC One with it wherever i can 
 
As everyone know, the build quality and style of HTC one are top notch and there is no comparison there at all, HTC one rocks here... HTC has taken care of small things too very well. From opening the back cover with a small lock, to inserting the sim which locks in the sim slot too very well. Its easy to hold too though a bit heavier than s4, as one is being made of aluminium. It does look premium too , comparable to an iphone. 
 
Sound: 
The front firing speakers are a joy while watching videos on it or playing games. The low notes can also be heard well, and the sound does not actually feel like as if its coming out of a mobile. However though the S4 is using a small opening only as the speaker output which is behind the phone, i found the s4 sound also quite comparable. However S4 misses the low frequency sounds. 
Battery: 
Post upgrading both phones to kitkat, i found S4 is giving a better battery backup as compared to HTC one, though both lasts for a day easily. The sense interface is very easy to use and the One doesn't lag at all anywhere. The HTC one interface is very fluidic. 
Display: 
The display is very crisp. But the one lacks the flexibility of changing the screen temperature and color saturation which is provided in S4. I found the S4 giving more natural colors though they are over saturated at times. HTC One has a cool temperature setting for screen which can't be changed. S4 display is better. Also a .3 inch bigger screen size of S4 does make a difference. 
Camera: 
S4 camera is way better than the one. HTC one as all of us know, adds a purple hue to the photographs which simply changes the actual colors. Also since htc one is just a 4MP one, forget about zooming into fotos for checking details. S4 camera provides way more customizations too, like metering mode which is absent in Htc one. Night mode photos are good at both phones. 
S4 camera lags at times when it is launched. But the HTC one camera is very quick and takes photos real fast. 
Gaming 
Its fun to play games on HTC One. with the boom sound speakers and the adreno 320 graphics card on One. all games run very well with no lag. I have tried asphalt 8 and some benchmarks too. 
Network 
on htc one we have 2 sim slots. one supports 3g and cdma and other supports 2g. Do remember guys htc one dual sim does not support 4g. 
 
Overall HTC one dual sim is a lovely phone, camera is also OK if u want to use the photos as is and not trying zooming it. Camera is real quick.Beauty with Power.Feels solid and premium... thanks to Flipkart for delivering fast. I initially ordered a black model but returned it after facing serious battery drain issue. I really appreciate flipkart for providing a refund and it allowed me to reorder the silver model and this one has good battery backup. 
Battery backup is slightly low but lasts one day with moderate use. 
Screen is brilliant. I don't really like the BOOM SOUND. It is good but i think it is over hyped in the reviews. Not impressed but nice to have. 
Whats good with the dual sim model is the expandable storage. I am glad that i waited for the dual sim version. Overall, phone is balanced and feels right in the hand. Not too big. Not too small. Plenty of RAM to work and play. Assortment of installed applications is less but wont complain as there isnt any bloatware but sill would have liked to see a file explorer included. 
Camera is cool. Perfect size and clarity. Allows me to share files without worrying about resizing them and takes really good pictures. 
Included headphones are decent. The USB cable is too short. 
Overall performance is nice and love to own this handset.Disappointed by HTC.This phone got rave reviews from all around the world and it is a steller product. I was thrilled to buy this over the iPhone, and opposed to public opinion, i purchased this phone..... 
 
BIGG BIGG MISTAKE and i regret it incredibly now. 
 
I have been using this phone for around a year.... 
 
Let me start with the camera. Why is there a pink hue on every picture...and i mean EVERY picture...i dont understand what is the issue. I have tried tweaking the settings, taking pictures in a different light, but nothing. Day of night, the pictures are always with this ugly pink tint!! 
 
Another major flaw is the battery life. Every 6-8 hours you will require to charge the phone. When the phone charges to 100%, within 7 minutes, the battery life drops down to 90% or below even if you dont use it. Strange.... 
 
Other than the Beats eaphones and music quality, there is nothing to set this phone as a class apart from any other android phone. I expected more. 
 
Go for the Google Nexus or even Karbonn or Micromax....atleast their after sale services are better. 
 
On providing my phone for servicing of the above issues, the service centre bluntly refused to make any replacement. Citing that a 1% defect in manufacturing is expected rom the company and nothing can be done about that. 
 
Sad that such a reputed company makes such petty problems into mile high mole hills....Really nice phone!.I've waited several months before deciding to write a review for this phone. The experience has been fantastic so far. A big thumbs up for the phone design, battery life, screen resolution and performance. The audio and video quality is the best I've seen so far in any smart phone. 
 
I use the phone all day for gaming, listening to music, apps, reading e-books, maintaining my calendar, diary, making notes etc etc and the phone hasn't failed me far. It is a joy to play Candy Crush on the large and high resolution screen.....the colours are superb!! I'm also very impressed with the HTC Sync manager which allows me to manage my phone through my computer. Its really easy to add/remove music, movies, pictures etc. 
 
The only annoying feature is the power button which is located in the top right hand corner of the phone. The button is in line with the body of the phone and is hard to access. The button is so flat against the phone that I sometimes miss it and have to visually locate it. Also, I didn't realise that this phone uses a mini sim and had to get my sim card cut to fit the slot. Not a problem as most mobile shops will cut the sim for you easily. 
 
I followed the price of this phone on several websites and got the best price on Flipkart (INR 41,000). The delivered phone was brand new and arrived in just a few days of ordering. Overall its been a very good experience and I feel confident ordering electronics on Flipkart!Awesome phone.though I don't have much experience with phones yet I believe that this is probably the one of the best smartphone available, though a bit pricey(it has been a bout a year since it launched, so obviously there are phones with similar specs at competitive prices) 
 
Pros - 
I guess I'll kinda be skipping it as it be though to jot them down here - overall its great, great looks, awesome camera and pretty nice specs, has almost all features one could ask for, is real fast and has a really great, bright and crisp display, and great storage(25 GB free in internal memory when it arrived, and has a memory slot to expand it further + 25GB dropbox for 1 year), sound quality 
 
Cons - 
 - Battery. Not exactly a problem for background apps, call, or other normal stuff, but it drains pretty fast when gaming or using heavy, graphic intense apps. But still it is better than most other android smartphones, but not as good as you'd expect for such a high end and expensive phone. Also, under such situations connecting to a power supply is no good as it uses up battery faster than it charges it, a REAL DOWN POINT. 
 - NFC. I couldn't get it to work, tried many a times for about half 'n' hour, yet no good 
 - When using heavy, battery draining apps, the phone starts to heat up a bit, probably as its a complete metal caseBest Android Phone ever !!!.I bought the HTC One dual-sim variant from another online store for a better deal of 43.5k in Oct '13. 
I ordered this phone in October for a price of 44k from another online store (giving a better deal) and received the delivery in 7 days in a good package. 
I have been using this phone daily and I am always delighted to use it :) 
Pros: 
1) Best resolution screen on a 4.7 inch device. Looks like a hiqh quality magazine print with vivid colours. Its an USP of this phone. 
2) Beats audio and the bundled earphones are super awesome for music lovers ! 
3) Ultrapixel camera is definitely worth it ! 
4) User experience is super smooth and never experienced any lag when with the max 8 apps running. 
5) The IR sensor for remote control is a nice touch for creating a universal remote. But the TV app does not have India specific TV content, which can make it a great experience. 
 
Cons: 
1) The volume button and the home buttons are somewhat tedious to reach and use without looking. 
2) The phone's metallic finish increases risk of slippage. Very delicate device, can easily get dents on its body if mishandled. Do invest in a good cover. 
3) Phone heats up too much when playing heavy graphics games. 
4) Expensive - But its got the best combination of features with best quality ! 
 
Overall, the phone met my expectations and I am still loving it !!!HTC one dual sim 802w model.# The world best three latest high end mobiles in the world HTC one is among them 
(CNN news 19/4/2014). Though I have purchased my HTC one dual sim 802w in Nigeria but I assured readers that http://www.flipkart.com/ always provide the best service to customer nationwide. 
 Before buy HTC dual sim ensure the 2nd sim you want to fix is CDMA or GSM. 
 The 802w model is for both CDMA &amp; GSM sim with 64 GB external memory slot facility with 32 GB internal memory power. 
 Screen sweeping is super fast by fingers. 
 Camera 4 Ultra Megapixel is unbelievable performance. Battery seems to be low powered but it is too strong high quality non removable battery. Only during Skype video calling it consume 1/4 th.of total power in one hour. Internet via sim or Wi-Fi is super fast. It has its own HotSpot facility that start by &quot;one click&quot; so other person can use your internet via HTC Wi Fi. 
 HTC is only high end phone which having dual stereo frontal speaker that gives you Crystal clear beat sound during skype / Movie watching / Listing songs. 
 Zoe facility is amazing in camera. Blink feed may consume mobile internet data but it keeps you updated. 
 HTC one has Gorilla Corning glass 2 protection and metal body is scratch free and too slippery. You need a cover to have a better protection. 
 World is astonished in pricing of all model of HTC phones but if you touch this phone and start using it slowly you realize the value of high pricing of HTC one. 
 HTC do not care of criticism of the world in pricing but this Taiwan Co. highly careful for its quality and extreme executive looks with performance. 
 Personally I prefer this HTC One Android phone than iPhone S5 or Window based Nokia Lumia 925 model.htc one dual sim with reliance cdma.got the phone 4 days back. i bought it when it was listed at 46257. i think i got a deal considering its launched at 53 k. 
 
The phone is loaded with android 4.2.2 with google play. though i could not buy any apps as google play does not support many indain credit or debit cards.Battery is ok. I need to charge it once every day considering my gps wi fi bluetooth and mobile data are always on. I had applied for card on delivery. however the delivery guy does not accept amex credit cards. please be noteful of that when you order. This model also support NFC though in India it is not yet launched i think. 
 
Before buying this i did some research in shops where i was told that flipkart has the chinese version and that it why it is cheaper. I got a sealed package with made in taiwan tag and tata docomo postpay offer sticker on the box. i think this is the same model tata has launched (53k). so dont need to worry there. 
 
The phone is awesome. its working with reliance cdma. Though i could not get micro sim so i had to cut my sim card. only one issue my incoming sms are not coming. anyone having similar issue with reliance cdma. there must be some setting i am not familiar with. please let me know if anyone else is facing simalr issues.HTC One 802 Dual Sim.Usable battery time fell much below the hours claimed by manufacturer. 3 hours of continuous talk time is likely to drain the battery significantly. Night camera is satisfactory. Chipset processing speed is better than many other dual sim phones as long as you do not upgrade the HTC software which you would be forced into by auto reminders. Once upgraded, the phone would gradually begin to choke up. If you do not mind charging the battery once during lunch time and do not allow the auto upgrade, its definitely one of the desirable dual sim phones to have in your shortlist. No complaints about screen resolution. Mind it, it does not have the hold key button like Samsung phones where you press and hold the middle button and the list of running applications appears. I am exploring how the list can be retrieved in this phone. May be there is a way out but I am yet to establish what that is. Fabrication of the outer body may have contours that are out of alignment, especially around the power button. Please check the piece that you finally buy. Overall, its a 'buy' recommendation. Rating 3.5 stars.HTC One Dual Sim - Review.Been using it for one month now. I went for HTC one despite having a horrible experience with HTC desire (Guess I was out of my mind to be doing that) - but was getting a sweet deal during the New Year. 
Thankfully the purchase hasnt dissapointed yet. Lightining fast, smooth to operate, great camera - allows an amateur like me too to be quite creative, reasonably light, nice to hold (although you do feel that it may slip out of your hand - i think i can blame that on using smaller phones so far), internet and apps are good, blinkerfeed screen is nice - although has the potential to waste your time by reding all sorts of nonsensical news articles, screen is good and sharp. 
Battery life - i guess at part with other smartphones - nothing exceptional. 
weaker frame/body - dropped it on the street in the first week of purchase - still has some dents - both on the phone (and heart) - dont we miss our old Nokias onoccasions like these? 
 
anyways - i think HTC redeemed itself quite handsomely after an utter disaster called HTC Desire.It's the One. The best phone, by far, in the entire maket..I'd been in love with the HTC One for some time before I bought it. Turns out, it's better than I thought it would be. After over two months of very heavy use, here's what I think. 
 
Pros: 
1. Brilliant body: It's a solidly built, aluminium body. The matte black finish makes it a beauty to behold, the curved back and angled sides feel brilliant in the hand, and that means the grip is very comfortable for a phone this big. 
2. Awesome screen: Full HD TFT screen means crisp display and great colours. I actually prefer the softer colours on this than the AMOLED displays. Games and movies look great. 
3. Superfast internals: The Quad Krait 300 and Adreno 320 setup is more than enough for anything you can throw at it. I use photo editing apps extensively on this, and the phone doesn't have any trouble anywhere. Gaming is a breeze too. Add to that the 2 GB LPDDR2 RAM, and internet browsing is effortless. Multiple tabs are not an issue. 
4. Sound: The inbuilt speakers are better than most of the laptop speakers out there in the market. They are clear, well balanced and loud. The 3.5 mm jack also puts out great sound through a good pair of headphones/speakers. 
5. IR Blaster: Install a free app, and your phone can now double up as your TV, AC and DSLR remote. That is a very useful feature to have. 
6. Call quality: The earpiece is loud and clear, and noise cancellation works exceptionally well. You could be in an autorickshaw, and the person at the other end won't know. The speakerphone is great too. 
7. Camera: Despite being only 4 MP, images are excellent, even in low light. The low megapixel count actually helps in keeping the noise levels low. Optical image stabilization and autofocus are great features to have. Video is good, although at full HD, the file size grows very rapidly. 
8. Storage: With over 25 GB available to the user,storage is not an issue. There is a micro SD slot too, for those who want more storage. 
9. Battery life: The battery will last the entire day under moderate usage like a few calls, texts, mails and a bit of FB and Whatsapp. Even music will drain only an extra percent of battery per hour. Under heavy usage, the battery drains fast, but it's still better than most smartphones in the market. 
10. HTC Sense: It's cleaner than stock Android, the setup is pretty straightforward and the close integration with Google Now means one of the most powerful Android tools is at your fingertips all the time. 
11. MHL and USB On-the-Go: MHL allows you to connect the phone to an HDMI display, USB OTG allows you to connect flash drives and USB input devices (keyboard, mouse) to the phone. All you need are generic adapters, and you're good to go. 
 
Cons: 
1. Power button is in a slightly odd position. 
2. Stock keyboard is average. It isn't bad, but compared to how awesome the rest of the phone is, it's a bit of a letdown. 
 
In case anyone has any doubts, this phone does work with HSDPA (GSM 3G). I have been using this phone with Airtel since day 1, and have had no issues whatsoever.Love the product.I've been using this product just over a month now. I bought it because I needed a dual SIM device to manage both my personal and professional calls and to be able to handle calls in the car using the car mode. 
 
Pros: 
1. Brilliant Design &amp; very easy to use. I shifted from an iPhone. 
2. Screen resolution is phenomenal. 
3. Pricing is great as well. 
4. Google Now recognizes Indian accent very well. 
 
Cons: 
1. Calling using Car Mode and voice dialing using Google Now does not let me choose which SIM to call from. 
2. The phone is a bit wide and very highly touch sensitive, so its not easy to use the phone in one hand. So a car dock is a must while driving. 
3. Not a lot of accessories are available for this device in India and will need to be imported. 
 
Accessories Used: 
HTC D160 Flagship Car Kit. 
Motorola Roadster 2 Universal Bluetooth In-Car Speakerphone - (Conference Calls in the Car) 
Plantronics Voyager Legend UC Bluetooth Headset - (Conference Calls at Work) 
Desktop Dock for HTC One 
Seidio Spring-Clip Holster for HTC One. 
 
Overall: 
Its a fab phone. The Charge lasts for just about a day and that is good enough for me.HTC One Dual Sim (model 802d).In summary, a nice phone. But the phone did not come set up and ready to use on the Reliance CDMA network. Flipkart promptly replaced the first phone shipment because this phone would not receive incoming sms despite visit to the HTC service centre. Even in the new replacement set incoming sms worked only after another visit to the HTC service Centre and a visit to Reliance web world thereafter for them to do proper 'provisioning&quot; for the internet to work properly. Once these hurdles were overcome, the phone worked perfectly. 
 
Flipkart was patient and very proactive in this entire process that lasted a week after the first shipment.. Salute them for great service. 
 
The phone now works perfectly. HTC should have the phone fully set up (and ready to use once sim cards are inserted) before shipment.. Wonder why they don't do that though.. Yet, after all this struggle, I would say, a nice instrument.. great build quality.best phone ever.the day i say this phone i knew this is the phone that is worth m money. 
 
i am using this phone for the past 6 months its a breeze using this phone . 
 
from its gorgious display and its great unibody design to its awesome sound from its speakers its the best phone up to date period. 
 
but after 6 months my phone got hard bricked and i contacted htc service within a day they gave a response and also address of official service centre in mumbai ( their is only 1 in mumbai ). 
 
they changed the motherboard and also changed the camera ( as the camera had pink artifacts in low light ) in 3 days. 
 
the service is very fast and the phone is awesome. 
 
i wished their would be more service centres and service would be a tad bit fast . 
 
also hope that the replace period should increse upto 1 month atleast. 
 
if you are confused in g2 or htc one which every phone you take its will always be a good choice but i still recomend htc one.Great Product from HTC..DISCLAIMER: PLEASE SPARE ME FOR CONFUSING REVIEW AS IT'S FIRST TIME FOR ME. 
 
Its innovation and I always crawled to get a top-end phone with dual SIM functionality. Also, Its dual SIM is always on (if needed), means you can even call one number from another within the phone virtually. No one will ever complain about those &quot;OUT OF REACH&quot; messages. 
 
Battery life is outstanding as well. I think other manufacturers like samsung should also think about increasing to 32GB internal storage as minimum. Ultrapixel camera is great for all what Samsung S4 or iPhone 5 Cams do. Trust me as I am carrying all these 3 phones for my 04 numbers. 
 
Yea, I am a tech Junkie. Trust me, its a better bet over the Single SIM HTC One and also 1 over Galaxy S4. However, iOS is altogether a different league and so is iPhone. Galaxy S4 is better for its light weight but, HTC One is for its sturdiness.Htc one dual sim.Okay, I was a little skeptical when I saw GSM+GSM written in the specification by flipkart. However, got it clarified from them over phone and email that the phone supports CDMA/GSM + GSM. The first slot supports both the technologies (and also 3G for both the SIMs) and the other one supports only GSM (EDGE/GPRS). 
 
However please note that the SIMs are micro SIM. CDMA service providers do not provide micro SIM off the shelf (or at least in my region at the time of writingthis review). Your standard SIM needs to be cut by someone to make it suitable for the phone using a special tool. This is done at one s own risk. It works 99% times. 
 
Packing wasn't really great but it was sufficient to reach safe. 
 
Flipkart delivery is great always. Ordered in the afternoon and got it in my hand next day evening. 
 
The phone is really really good. Both SIMs work fine. The dual SIM as well as single SIM models have the same battery so this one drains faster. The processor and ram being high never see lag in processing or switching of apps. 
 
All in all a great phone for dual SIM users who want a high end phone. 
 
Great service by flipkart.I wont prefer after usage of 2 months.Dear Friends, after pathetic usage of 2 months writing this review. Facing SMS issues in CDMA number &amp; visited 4 times to service till now to update the tech patch. Only that particular day issue will solve and from next day (once we switch the mobile &amp; on) onwards same issue will repeat. Called customer care &amp; visited service center multiple times but issue not fixed. After putting near abt 50k might no one will expect this kind of feel from a flagship mobile. I really surprised behavior of customer care people. Where they has to give proper guidence, instead they giving silly advice like switch off the phone or remove sim card or restart the phone ..bla..bla.. 
 
So, dear friends. Please check all aspects before buying this device. Bcoz, we are investing more than 40k. I made very big mistake by choosing this HTC devise....Ausm.Brought from U.A.E, Everything goes fine except battery back up.but when considering dual sim it is far better than s3 n other android phones... if u want better battery backup switch off the sim which is consuming higher package data n low coverage while travelling.. ..Beats sound is ausm in both headset n loudspeaker it is the trump card of this phone .. camera is good ..there is no single hang or software problem up to this time ..company says 2 gb ram but it gives only 1.5 ram..bt its enough.. gaming experience is good bt when play for longer time upto hours it may overheat..in my opinion i gets a better battery back up when i boosts battery or when charges the the battery fully... the tv remote in mobile works as a universal tv remote it sounds great..cons needs to improve battery up n camera@santhosh sans - regarding availability.Hey Santhosh Sans, 
 
I am an inquisitive buyer just like you and an HTC fan at the same time. I currently own HTC One and am looking forward to get my hands on this one. 
 
I inquired at a few local stores but its not available anywhere and even HTC website says otherwise about its availability (websites usually get updated a day or two after the release anyways as I have seen in the past with a few models except for flagship ones like HTC One). 
 
But trust me online retailers have better reach and links as does the retail market that doesn't have an elongated supply chain and hence they can get hands on stuff quite early and easily. 
 
Yes its the Indian version and Yes you would receive the HTC India warranty. 
 
Regards, 
RoyalstingFlawless Fone.Bought one from flipkart about 10days back. Have been trying to find a fault ever since but failed.!!!! This is a superb flawless fone. No lagging , camera shows true colors even the shades which iphone 4s fails to show. Screen is dense in display mechanism and gives a rich feel. Battery backup is 24 hrs of working on wifi n games and internet ( which does not include the nightime of 7 hrs). On power saver mode the battery life increases by 30 percent roughly on my usage. If someone has 45k as fone budget they should definitly go for this handset. I have used every top handset in market but this fone has caught up with my fancy and is not going to be changed off soon.Dual sim greatness with best of hardware..Being an apple fan for long but iPhone 5 was not for me. Found the screen very abnormal . So was on look out for a solid smart phone. The plastics of Samsung does not work with me, hence it had to be HTC. Single sim HTC one was good but I waited for dual sim which was worth the wait. 
Pros: dual sim, all metal and glass, Corning glass, quad core, 2 gb ram, ultra pixel camera, HTC, all day battery, 
Cons: 4 megapixel camera, dent on metal body is permanent, software updates are slower than HTC one, finding a case / cover is very difficult. 
All in all a very good buy topped with Flipkart assurance of delivery.49000 MOBILE......Please don't buy the phone by going through the 5 star reviews. This is one of the worst phone ever i had used. After buying the phone it started hanging after a month, HTC support asked &quot;Have u downloaded the 3rd party apps&quot;. A very stupid question. 
They had upgraded the phone to the newer Android version, worked well for 15 days and then stopped responding, this time they said there is HW problem, and asked to wait for 15-20 days. 
 
I am not sure if I will get my phone even in 30 days. There excuse is phone is new, hence will take time. 
 
I request you guys please don't put your hard earned money in to this worst phone. 
 
PLAY TEMPLE RUN. SUBWAY , GAMES ONLY.. 
 
Why should pay 49000 only games playing...Quality does not come cheap.Apple phones don't come cheap. No one knows which is the processor on 5s. But it's the best phone. Similarly HTC is about quality and ruggedness. I have been using HTC Mozart phone since jan 2011 and after 3 yrs still going strong without going to a service centre ever in my life. Since parts used are of best quality, htc does not come cheap. I m going for this phone now so that I m relaxed for another 3 yrs. what's the point of buying cheap phone which does not last after 1 yr. processor speeds and megapixels are marketing tricks, please do not go by what they want you to go by.Good phone, But beware of SMS problem if using Reliance CDMA.Seller : Very Quick delivery. hassle free purchase. Recommend seller 
 
Product: 
Had to send to service centre to fix SMS receiving problem on SIM 1 Reliance CDMA. It is a known problem and requires Reset. 
 
Please do not install ES file explorer app as it somehow led to non fuctioning of SMS AGAIN on CDMA. 
 
NO 3G on SIM 2 so if you use Reliance CDMA then you have to use internet in EVDO/ HSD speed which is 3.1 Mbps max which is less as compared to regular 3G of GSM. 
 
Phone is still overpriced, but good build quality. 
 
Otherwise very good phone and am happy with it.A BEAST IN THE ANDROID MARKET.this phone has high quality resolution, i just love its screen quality which is completely scratch proof. the ultra megapixal camera is just awsome, i have compared with iphone 5s, and the camera is better than iphone 5s camera.i bet you can't deny that interms of camera it is better than S4 &amp; iphone 5s. beats audio is just awesome, it takes the music quality higher level. and at last i must say look of the mobile is awesome. Best android phone in the market. overall 
this phone met all my expectations.THE BEST SMARTFONE OF ALL TIME.THOSE WHO R SAYIN THAT THIS IS THE WRST FONE...... 
ARE ALREADY A WRST MEN... 
I WOULD LIKE TO TELL THE PEOPLE THAT IF UR SPENDIN SUCH KIND OF MONEY TO BUY A NEW SMART FONE 
PLLZZZZZ PLZZZZ JUST GO FOR ONE AND ONLY (((( HTC ONE))))... 
THE BEST SMARTFONE I HV EVER USED IN MY LIFE... 
I M A FONE FREAK....AND LOVE TO CHANGE PHONE IN A MONTH.... 
BUT THIS IS THE FONE I M USING FRM LAST 4 MONTHS.... 
AND DONT FEEL LIKE TO SWITCH IT EVER.... 
 
LOOKS=10/10 
SOUND=10/10 
CAMERA=10/10 
SURFING=9/10 
 
REALY DONT HAVE WORDS FOR THIS FONE...Its Dual Sim but Data Works only through CDMA.Its been around one Month, the Phone is Awesome and has given me no problems, superb camera, mindblowing sound but the issue is DATA connectivity. I was amazed when my 3g was not working on this device for first 2 days. I did my level best to troubleshoot it and at the end got its reason in a technical forum- THis phone in dual sim mode by default takes the CDMA data connection and does not allow you to operate data on GSM services. HTC offers TATA DOCOMO 2gb data every month for 12 months with it but what is the point in taking a dual sim if you are going to retain only one of your numbers back. If you have CDMA it is highly advised otherwise look for other options.The Best Dual Sim Phone.Was looking for a dual sim phone in the premium segment. Not many options were available from other brands. The phone is really snappy and the HTC Sense is optimised to perfection and i hardly come across any lag. 
The phone is not Dual Active which means when on call the other sim will be not reachable. 
I have not come across any issues reported by other reviewers. Battery life is average with 3g on. It will last only one day if you are a heavy user. 
Overall its a fantastic phone and worth the money.Dont buy HTC...I was a HTC fan and got my self a brand new HTC phone on contact in Australia. The phone looked amazing but used to reboot on receiving an incoming call! So I took it to customer care and they gave me a replacement and the replacement device started rebooting as well! I again went to customer support .. and they gave me a different model as replacement. how good is that ? .... However after 1 week I discovered that vibrator does not operate , phone heats up etc.... I went to shop again and they offered a used iphone 4 as replacement or keep the phone as is condition...!!!! ..so had to pay 40 k for a used iphone 4...Wait for the next htc one+ M8.Although htc one is a premium high-end flagship from htc..I've just bought s3 from a local store..i heard the htc is soon going going to release the successor to htc one very soon..until that i need a good smartphone and moved to S3..the successor to htc one the -one+ is having really very good specs..5' inch display with 6 MP ultra pixel camera with dual lens for low &amp; bright light.and last..a fingerprint reader..sounds really good..wait and buy that..Thumbs Up HTC ONE Dual.I had been waiting eagerly to get my hands on this beauty....using it past two days, its a beast... Its the best phone you could get with a dual sim, CDMA also supported..2GB Ram, 32GB inbuilt memory, Great UI, Keep it up HTC.Beautiful, blazing speed, super quality and outstanding service by Flipkart, defines this phone.The first thing I like about this phone is 'Elegant'. Beautifully built. 
 
Camera and boom sound are just out standing!! 
 
The last thing about this phone is among service provided by Flipkart. You guys are exceeded my expectation. Initially was little reluctant to buy this phone online, as I had to 
spend entire my saving. I took a chance, you guys are fabulous.Wife Loved It!.Gifted it to my wife on Valentine's day and she cant stop smiling ever since... :) Thank you Flipkart. And about the phone, its stunning. Amazing, crisp resolution and crystal clear boom sound. Camera is on par with any 10-12 MP cam and with all additional features (Zoe). I see only positives in all aspects as of now... hope the same continues for a long time.Nice Phone but some issues.For 
Fit and finish 
Lovely speaker 
Good reception and clarity of call 
Nice screen 
Photo image not too large but still clear 
 
Against 
HTC sense is pathetic for a power user 
Second SIM slot does not support 3G - how weird and annoying is that, and I bought this phone for my international travel and now I have to swap the SIM cards everytime 
The aluminum case got easily scratched by a fall 
Low light photographs the S4 is better 
Battery life with both SIMs switched onGood, Awesome, Best and other synonyms clearly applies.Awesome experience, Hottest looking device, much better than Silver HTC ONE. Buttery Smooth UI (ZERO LAG)... Buy the dual sim device without any hesitation. Much better than Galaxy S4. Excellent flipkart delivery. Recieved the product 2 days before the delivery date. Excellent experience Flipkart.........HTC ONE 4G enabled but in dual SIM 3G + 2G only, no LTE in dual sim Model.I have HTC ONE 801e, which it is having 4G. 
 
If the Dual SIM model is having 4G + 3G sim then it is good for this price.. 
But this model is having 3G + 2G. So who is looking for 4G, it is not at all good.. 
 
The major problem with HTC ONE is charging.. It is taking to much time(3hrs+) to charge even with HTC AC adapter..Excellent CDMA phone.Flipkart Service is very good, quick response and delivery. 
 
HTC one dual sim is very good in terms of build quality and overall experience. Updated to Kitkat 4.4.2 with HTC Sense 5. Battery and Camera still lags behind the competition. 
 
With very limited options available for CDMA network in India, this is the best.Amazing Phone considering the price !!.Well you can spend 50K on iPhone 5S. But you know you are a smart buyer. I got it with Kitkat, bought it from a reseller from Kolkata today. Totally happy with with the phone. 
Beats Audio is really awesome. Rest is all OS from Google, so you know they design the UIs with the UXs in mind. And some X it delivers.JUST LOVE IT....I have been using the phone for last 5 months and must say what a phone.... It looks amazing the performance is excellent...speakers are great camera is probably the best i have used... Quite a looker and not a run of the mill Samsung.... 
Cons: Gets heated if you play games on it for a while but thats it....A PHONE TO REALLY OWN ONE.HTC One is a phone which one can easily compare with any high-end phones of apple, samsung etc. 
The features are really good, and the battery back up etc. are worth enough buying this product. 
I am very satisfied with this product and this fine, if handled properly, will be a great companion. 
Thanks to HTC.CAUTION DO NOT BUY PLZZZZZ!!!.I bought this phone just 3 days ago, although i didn't buy it from flipkart but from the 2nd day the camera is having a problem. The camera doesn't focuses and the images are blurry. this is a manufacturing defect which is seen in many mobiles. you can read about this by searching on google and you will get to know about the problem in detail.awesome.awesome cell phone i am very happy with my htc one the camera is very nice specially low light and the sound is awesome...and the look is awesome part overall the htc one is nice awesome......................................................................................................Awesome!.Hey guys, I'm not an owner of the device but a good friend of mine owns it &amp; I got to say, it's the best from HTC yet. People try to compare The Samsung Galaxy S4 to this but, actually there's no comparison at all. I would strongly recommend it to people who can afford it. Enjoy.Loving it.I love this phone... awesome sound quality.... and picture quality is superior then any smart phone(android based) and iphones :) 
I didnt use to click pictures before but now I have started clicking as many as I can cuz the picture quality is awesome... 
I am just loving it alotBest Dual Sim Mobile in Market Currently!.My dad mostly use dual sim mobiles. So the mobile was a great deal. Most dual sim mobiles in market do not offer such performance and build as HTC One 802d does. And recently HTC has started seeding Android KitKat 4.4.2 update for it. So anyone who want high-end dual sim mobile this is the best deal.HTC is known - not to offer Android upgrade.Please... think before buying any android phone... as none of smart phone players offering Android update (which is almost free in iOS)... so why to invest huge amount of money (only for hardware??) when software become a century old within a year time.Awesome..If you are looking at a premium CDMA and GSM dual sim phone, then thus is the one. 
Earlier had to carry two different phones and used to fill up pockets , now two in one and that too with latest features. Recommend it to those who have cdma and gsm.Worst phone....plz do not buy any htc phones.Worst phone I've ever bought..For the first time I spent 47000/- on a phone &amp; now I realized that I dropped my money into water reason for which is that this phone install all the apps into internal memory which can't be shifted to external memory ever.. I tried all my software engineering skills.. I unlocked the bootlader &amp; rooted the phone then I S-Off(Security Off) the phone, then I gave commands through DOS(CMD), I downloaded &amp; edited VOLD.FSTAB &amp; last of all I created ext2 partition in my memory card to solve this problem but unforfunately I failed. So never ever buy any HTC phones bcoz none of their phones supports apps installation on external memory card ...This is my personal experience which I am sharing to all the people who want full freedom in their phones &amp; doesn't like Apple i-phones for the same reason...best option is that you buy samsung.Beast ;.Honestly speaking, that's the best review i have seen of a mobile phone yet apart from the latest android version .......thats's why i called it as a BEAST....... a little over-priced but if an individual is ready for it........ this is the one. .awsome phone.this htc one phone is awsome. when i bought this phone, there is defective camera, which i got repaired from htc service centre through warranty card. after that the phone is working nicely. and the price from flipkart is also cheaper than others.this the best phone. dont go by haters' review. (they are apple or samsung fanboys).brilliant is the word for it. 
It has everything one desires to have. 
best looks among all. 
best built quality. 
amazing and unique camera. 
fabulous interface. 
 
one can buy this phone without any doubts.expensive but worth it.what choice does the customer.....1) iphone:-over-priced 2)samsung:-plasticy and feels cheap 3)htc one:- expensive but iphone feel with androidFeedback.Item received in excellent condition ...... Great seller ..... Prompt and speedy delivery of the shipment ..... Highly recommended .... Great phone ..... Awesome build quality and finish ..... Feels a wow in the hand ....Enjoying the phone and super performance.Its a great phone to have, its been a week i purchased this and enjoying it a lot. Super fast, great camera nice call quality good volume speakers and so on 
Only complaint is it should have a big battery.BEST MOBILE EVER.its best mobile i have seen in market. iphone 5 is nothing infront of htc one. u should buy this. its worth it.best interference.so sleek................................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am waiting for HTC One+ M8.(1) 4.9 inch Full HD display and a Snapdragon 800 processor 
(2) 3GB LPDDR3 RAM 
(3) 6UMP or 8UMP camera with double lens 
(4) 2.1MP front camera, 2,900 mAh battery 
(5) Android 4.4 Kit-Kat 
(6) HTC Sense 6.Amazing Phone.I am so glad that i choose this phone over Galaxy S4; built quality, battery backup, GUI and not to forget Camera is just amazzzzzzing. 
 
Just love this phoneExcellent......i am using this mobile for last one month...till now i didn't get any problems...excellent performence...awesome cam clarity...best in sound..looks wise fantastic....awesome.the phone is awesome. have been using it for the past two months and am fully satisfied with the performance. and great delivery from flipkart side. HAPPYWorst Mobile ever.Positive: 
 
1. Dual SIM. 
2. Sense UI 
3. Audio and Video Quality 
4. Beats Audio. 
 
Negative: 
 
1. Bad battery (charging usage) 
2. Camera 
3. Service QualityHTC one dual sim 802d black.it is a fabulous &amp; so nice phone. I am work very smoothly on this phone. After this phone received in my hand.I never open my laptop.AWSOMME.......!.Its really a good phone, worth buying it 
good battery, camera is also good but one should know to click, 
only htc hater can refuse thisHTC One dual sim.Great look and metallic feel. Been using it for 2 months. No issues. Has great sharing features and awesome photo editing options.Best Phone.Best phone for Dual SIM, only high end phone with Dual SIM. Using it over 3 months faced no problem. best buy.The feel of the phone is awsome!.Using Idea and Tata Docomo sim's and they work perfectly. The case's meant for the single sim version may not install on this.htc one dual sim.Undoubtedly, a fabulous dual sim mobile. Yet it's little heavier and its price band should be Rs.32,000/= to 35,000/=.Superb from HTC flagship.....Such an product in the Market very tough competition for any High end mobiles in market.... 
 
Great Looks ....:)Nice phone.This is a most complete phone i have come across so far.... Its fast and its double sim feature gives me flexibility when i m traveling overseas by using local sim there without switching off my regular phone...pretty good device but why 7k more only dual sim support and expandable storage.I like the htc one but Why it costs 7k more than Orignal htc one for only dual sim and expandable storage and its 13g heavier and 1.1 mm thicker (check on gsmarena) and it has no 4g and no 3g on 2nd sim why its 7k more are you drunk htc?? Why so many people rated it 5 stars it dont even worth 1 stargood but expensive for the features.Htc one is one of the best phone in the market and it got sell well and but now htc one has gone crazy just like they did last year on butterfly good phone but too expansive 
i hate this phone for the priceHCT 820d Dual SIM ... Not upto expectations.HTC Dual SIM. 
Puchased in Nov-203 
Pros: Good Looks, Size, Screen. 
Cons: Camera (Very Poor), Main Button on Top difficult to Handle, Also the Voulme on Side is Difficult to use, Call Log Display button on screen is too small to use, Music Quality is average, Body Cover not easily available, Service, High Priced, Average Battery Life. 
 
Conclusion: Those who are used to Samsung will not like this phone. As Samsung is easy to use and certainly more users friendly than HTC.good device but too expensive.htc one is my best phone ever but now comes another version offering dual sim and expandable storage and for these minor features they increased 7k wtf!!! 
HTC are you crazy? 
7k for just expandable storage and dual sim 
this dual version is also 1.1 mm thicker and 13g heavier so i dont think this phone worth the price 
i give it 0*Definetly not 46 k phone.Go for Lg g2....great in every aspect...you will forget htc forever...In my opinion htc is the worst company i have ever seen... their prices for the phone are surprisingly very high as compair to other brand.....avoid htc if ur not a son of birla amaniDual Sim best mobile.Guys, Best good looking high end mobile phone in India. This mobile phone would be a blessing for person who use Dual sim and willing to use highest configrated mobile phone. Please update if this don't have heating problem, as heating of mobile on heavy usage as mention in some reviews on flipkart for single sim HTC One also my friends confirm about this who owns single sim HTC ONE. 
All features of the phone is excellent.Wait for the time...sony i1 honami with 20megapixel is on the way with fastest cpu clocked at 2.2(this September 2013).. 
(nokia 1020 has good camera but battery drains) 
nexus 5 ,samsung galaxy note-3 and s5 on march2014,iphone 5s and 6.. 
as per moor's law technology will get faster and cheaper in the cousrse of 6-months duration.. 
but htc one dual is a good phone but only 4mp they it's ultra pixel but no one cares it's dum , galaxy s4 has a very good camera performance than htc one..but overall good phone..